
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

A/N: And so, Arc 2 begins. Sup, /b/? THIS IS MINE LOL.  

As my older readers know, Sinners used to be one giant, continuous story. However, the review page got so unwieldy, and the editing process became so difficult, that I have decided to split up the Arcs. While it'll make hit numbers and such harder to calculate, it's best for things in the long run.  



This chapter contains:  

\---A look into the telepathic awareness of our heroes.  

\---Some brief angst when Slash realizes a limitation of their relationship. :-(  

\---Gardevoir and Slash explore some dominance/submission! It's not nearly as kinky as it sounds, I swear, lol. I may be adding a D/S tag to Sinners now...XD  

\---GARDEVOIR. BUMSEX. LOL.  

\---Kiako! ZOMG  

\---A big battle approaches! ZOMG  



Word count: ~12000  



---





**PART 2: THE THREE PEARLS**  

    If you seek true strength, then bring to me  

    The Pearls of Fire, Sky, and Sea;  



    Then you shall find the sacred seal,  

    Which Relicanth and Wailord must repeal;  



    Three great Princes, their might combined,  

    Shall reveal the King's Tomb at the lowest tide...



\---Oceanic Relic 01, circa Second Hoenn Kingdom  





    We walk toward desire,  

    Hand in hand, through fields of fire,  

    With only love to light the way,  

    On the road to judgment day...

\---"Judgment Day", Whitesnake  



---



**Chapter 17: Rising Sun, Gathering Storm**  







Nothing in her life had ever prepared her for this kind of bliss.  



During the dark time, the time she'd spent on the run, fleeing countless predators and the savagery of the elements, she'd believed that her memories of happiness...the memories of being with her mother and siblings, living a peaceful and enjoyable life...had been an illusion, that the memories were nothing more than her mind trying to stave off madness by giving her a vision of something better than her current life.  



But when she'd met Slash...it seemed so long ago, even though it had only been a couple months...it was almost overwhelming, even before they'd become close. He was kind and gentle, even when she made stupid mistakes and failed in battle. Unlike other trainers, he was never harsh with her, never demanded obedience. Still, it had taken several days before she'd come to believe that his claim that she was not a slave was true. But when she had, things seemed so much more...light. So much more wonderful.  



Now that she thought about it, that was probably when she'd first fallen in love with him. Slash had presented a kindness that she'd almost forgotten existed, and offered her a life of companionship and understanding. Even as a child-like Ralts, she had loved him. It may have begun as the love a daughter has for her father, but it quickly evolved into...so much more.  



She looked at his serene sleeping face, dimly lit by the slowly brightening night sky. For the longest time she simply gazed at him, smiling to herself, loving the feel of his bare body against her own. She was still scarcely able to believe that this was not a dream. Her trust in him had developed quickly, as had her affection, but the thought that he would ever love her back...or be anything other than disgusted if he knew...that had taken longer.  



Hard to believe that this adorable, wonderful man would ever understand her feelings without turning away in dismay or horror.  



Harder still to believe that he would ever return them, even if only on a mostly-platonic level.  



And nearly impossible to believe that he'd willingly become her mate, not just coupling with her body but coupling with her...her everything.  



Gardevoir closed her eyes dreamily, reveling in the fullness of the new bond, which shone like a silver thread in her mind even as her mate slept. There were really two bonds---the trainer bond and the mating bond---but they functioned as a single, absolute connection, woven around each other so tightly that there was no distinction between the two. She wondered if there was a name for this kind of connection, but realized, with some sadness, that they could very well be the first such couple in history.  



In any case, it didn't matter if it had a name. It was more than enough that it simply existed. Through this perfect, glorious connection, she could see so much. The bond would be lessened in his sleep, of course...but still, it felt like she could see everything.  



He wasn't dreaming about anything in particular, but simply watching the cascade of random images in his sleeping mind was mesmerizing. A great deal of his thoughts were of her---and more than a few were about their night together.  



She smiled again, cheeks coloring at the slideshow of memories that flowed both in her mate's mind and her own. It had been so wonderful, all of it...and so much pleasure that she thought she'd die of it. They had only coupled three times, but each had already become a treasured memory in her mind.  



The first time had eased her fear and insecurity, showing her that they were, indeed, capable of coupling in the standard sense. She'd been so frightened and nervous then, but now the memory brought a warm glow to her heart. He'd been tender and caring, taking in the harsh pain of her first penetration, letting her adjust to it at her own rate...and he'd been so...attentive, lighting her body aflame with kisses and mental touches (even if she did not understand how he had done _that_...logically he should not be capable of telekinesis, even with their completed mating bond; that was something she'd consider later). It had been wonderful, everything she'd ever imagined and more. It even made their shared dream, and the delightful replaying of it in Watson's bed, seem insignificant.  



Then Slash had taken her again in the shower, hard and fast...and although he hadn't known it at the time (although, with their new bond, he would now), it had aroused her immensely, driving the instinctual part of her mad with his display of dominance. She wondered if he'd be willing to explore that particular aspect of herself in the future...somehow, despite being unable to read his sleeping mind, she had a feeling he'd be willing to do so. He might be hesitant at first...after all, the concept of dominance and submission seemed to carry a negative connotation in human society...but she was sure he'd be willing to give it a try.  



And the third time they'd made love...  



_(i have a mate. I really, really have a mate!)_  



Joining with him had been so wonderful, so...perfect. A million times more blissfully sacred than her most wild and cheek-coloring daydreams. The sheer level of connection...feeling him on top of her, inside of her, making her feel beautiful and blessed, that had been exquisite; but the part she would remember until the day she died was when they joined completely, the moment when they had been linked to eternity itself as well as to each other, feeling their very lives connect.  



Right now, their bond was a neutral but contented buzz, not much different from before the mating...but once he woke, she'd be exposed to the full bond, the full connection, and she excitedly wondered what that would be like. Would she hear his thoughts all the time, or could they still shield from each other? Just how much sensory ability would he develop, and could he really use any telekinesis? She hoped he would get a good deal from the connection. After all, he'd given her his lifespan through their mating; he deserved something amazing from her in return. She'd tried to pour as much of herself as she could when they'd joined, but she didn't know how much got through.  



_(it's really all going to be a surprise...I've never heard of a bond like ours, so who knows what to expect? i can't wait for him to wake up so I can feel it!)_  



Gently kissing his cheek, Gardevoir turned to look out the window. The night sky had lightened considerably, and sunrise was not far off. She hoped he'd wake soon, so that they could watch the beautiful light show together.  



_(he looked like sunrise when i saw him. Or sunset. I'm still not sure which. Will he always look like that to me now?)_  



He stirred by her side, and she had a feeling she'd find out soon enough. Snuggling into his strong frame, she sighed contentedly, waiting for her mate to join her in waking bliss.  



--- 



Slash opened his eyes, but he didn't wake up.  



Instead of finding himself laying in bed next to his mate, he was in a strange, infinite void of white light. It reminded him of what he saw when he delved into Gardevoir's heart, except...not quite the same.  



(because this is _you_, not the girl)  



He glanced around, trying to find the source of the odd, feminine voice, but not succeeding. All he could see, other than the void, were doors...countless doors floating around him, large and sturdy structures made of what appeared to be some melding of wood and steel. Above each was a wooden placard, inscribed with words that, while seemingly alien, he found he could read easily. One was marked 'MEMORIES'...another, 'SECRETS FROM ONESELF' and beside it "SECRETS FROM OTHERS'.  



Some of the doors' placards looked worn, and others seemed illegible; he instinctively knew that these doors led to parts of him that he was yet not able to go to...and were, for lack of a better term, locked. Some did not even have doorknobs. There were other objects floating in the void, but they seemed...misty. Indiscernible. It hurt his head to try to make them out. Other doors, maybe?  



(some will open to you in time; others will remain shut against you forever. Do not concern yourself with those. None of these doors matter right now. Just...observe.)  



"Who speaks to me?" Slash yelled into the void. "What is this place? How is it that I'm within my own mind?"  



(What I am is...nothing to concern yourself about. I can answer your other question, however, even though you should have realized it yourself. Your bond with the girl, your new connection, it has strengthened you greatly. While some of this enhancement is beyond your understanding, surely you can work out for yourself what this is, and how it is possible.)  



Slash considered the voice, and found (somewhat disconcertedly) that some of the doors seemed to tremble in their frames as he thought about the problem, 'LOGIC' and 'INTUITION' in particular.  



"This is...is this what Gardevoir feels? What she perceives? She can go into her own mind, can't she? At least to a limited extent?"  



(This is exactly what she perceives. She is a Psychic Pokemon, and is capable of great feats of perception, even in regards to herself. The ability has been passed on to you now.)  



"This is what it's like to be...her?"  



The voice seemed to chuckle for a moment. (I suppose you could say that. She can reach this level of herself though concentration, just as you can. However, you are human, and thus many of the locked doors cannot open to you....but still, you are capable of opening many more than most of your kind. Most humans can only reach this level of awareness after decades of training. The girl's own abilities, linked to your mind, have greatly increased your natural ability.)  



Slash didn't know what to say about that, although part of him...'INTUITION', judging from the rumble of the door...suggested that he should indeed already know this, and that he was missing something he should be noticing.  



"When I went into her mind before, I saw no doors."  



(That is because those doors were hers...hers to open, hers to unlock...just as these doors are yours. As you two were before you joined, you could not even see each other's doors. You interacted on pure instinct, and thus were only capable of the relatively crude abilities of telepathy and minor perceptual changes.)  



"You mean like sharing each other's pain and pleasure?"  



(Yes.)  



"And as we are now?"  



(You will have to discover that for yourself. For now...look at that door.)  



Instinctively knowing what direction the voice referred to, he turned to see an enormous gilded set of doors, much wider and higher than the others. This one was thrust open wide, exposing what looked to be a small, narrow tunnel behind it.  



"What does that represent?"  



(That is your bond with the girl. You understand, do you not?)  



"I think so. The gold door is the bond itself...and the tunnel is the connection that goes over the bond. Why does it look so narrow?"  



(You are sleeping. You do not have the ability to enter the girl's mind in this state. Neither can she enter yours...at least, not in any way that she has control of. You are capable of feeling each other's basic emotions and such at all times, even if the connection is slim, but little more. It only widens to traversable levels when you are both conscious.)  



"But...once we shared a dream. How is that possible if we can't enter each other's mind in sleep?"  



The voice didn't answer for a moment, and Slash began to wonder just what, exactly, this voice was. Was it himself? Gardevoir, in some strange way? The voice sounded female, so it could be possible.  



(she doesn't know everything), a smaller, quieter voice whispered, making Slash jump. He looked around, but, like the larger voice, there was no visible source of the sound.  



(The two of you can see into each other in sleep, to a limited extent. Imagine that, to the sides of the tunnel of your bond, that there are windows. Even when the tunnel is too narrow to actually cross through, you can still see into each other, although not perfectly.)  



Slash looked to the tunnel, and yes, there were...windows. Strange that he did not notice them until the voice mentioned them. The glass was dark, nearly opaque, but he could indeed see into Gardevoir. He didn't see her...or a mental image, or whatever he was currently experiencing...and assumed that meant she was awake. He could see half-formed thoughts in her void, appearing like ribbons of pure emotion in her void, and knew, simply by looking at the strange objects, that she was thinking about their mating.  



However, he could also sense that this voice, whatever it was, did not understand how a dream could have been shared so vividly. It wasn't lying to him, but it was not some perfect, all-knowing entity, either. And he certainly didn't miss that the voice avoided answering his question.  



(you and your mate should not be able to share dreams yet,) the smaller voice whispered. (She does not understand how it was possible, as it requires a great deal of time and development to enhance the bond that far, and you and your mate are still untrained.)  



"Do you know how we did it, then?" Slash asked to the small voice, but the reply came from the larger.  



(How you did what?)  



"N...nothing."  



He had a feeling that this larger voice did not hear the smaller, and perhaps was not even aware of it. What the hell was going on, then? The large voice seemed to be trying to be helpful, and knew much about his...void...but not everything. And the smaller voice seemed to be less...interactive...but it also seemed, in a way, more knowledgeable about the void. At least, in some aspects.  



Something from 'INTUITION' recommended not mentioning the smaller voice.  



Turning his attention back to the large voice, he sighed. "There's still a lot I don't understand."  



(About what, exactly?)  



"About all these doors, the bond, everything."  



(That is to be expected. There is much I can tell you, but some of it you must discover on your own. I can answer some of your questions, though.)  



"Well...what about...okay, how did I absorb Gardevoir's pain earlier? I see a big door over there marked 'PHYSICAL PAIN', so I assume she has one like it too. How did I do that to her if I couldn't see the doors inside of her yet?"  



(In a way, you didn't. You had no psychic abilities whatsoever before you mated with the girl. Your telepathy, your ability to see and change things inside her, such as diverting her pain and sharing her pleasure...you were doing it through her abilities. You could neither see her doors nor interact with them, but she could...so when you instinctively tried to take away her pain, what was _really_ happening was that _she_ went into her own pain and shunted it to you. She was not aware of doing that, of course. It was instinctual on her part, obeying your desire that flowed through the bond.)  



"I suppose I understand that," Slash said, although something inside buzzed that the voice was incorrect about him having no abilities at all before the mating. "Then how could she stop mine? I could not see my own doors yet, and you said that she could not either."  



(The nature of the trainer bond allowed that. Your bond with the girl, even before you joined with her, was much stronger than normal. Both of you are unusually gifted, which may be why you were brought together. She was able to absorb your pain as a Kirlia, when normally such an ability...using the trainer bond...would not accessible until her evolution was complete. I cannot answer why that is the case.)  



(It's because your mating bond had already begun to develop,) the smaller voice whispered. (It began when you two had the dream, as that was the first moment of mutual affection between you and your mate. Even if neither of you were consciously aware of it, it was there, already beginning to weave the earliest threads of the completed bond.)  



Again, 'INTUITION' shook in its frame, and Slash was a bit surprised at what he noticed; the large voice always referred to Gardevoir as 'the girl', whereas the smaller identified her as his mate. It could just be random, but he sensed something important was just beyond his reach, something that his mind was trying to shine light on. He decided to continue questioning the larger voice and see what else he could find out.  



"With my new abilities...could I shut off Gardevoir's pain? Not just redirect it, but stop it entirely?"  



(It is possible to block one's own pain, if one's mental training is sufficient. However, you are nowhere near that level of ability, and neither is she. The only way you could shut off her pain would be if you were capable of it yourself and she allowed you into her mind to apply it to her. However, she could not reverse your actions unless she could apply it to herself, as well. You must be extremely careful if you tamper with each other's minds in such a way, as the consequences can be severe. For example, a life with no pain would lead her to be unaware of wounds. A severe injury could go unnoticed by her until it killed her from blood loss or infection or whatnot. Similarly, tampering with things such as memories and mental pathways could cause catastrophic damage, possibly irreversible no matter what your skill level. Do you understand?)  



Slash's eyes widened; he had not considered that. Before they'd mated, the limits of their interactions prevented any major changes in each other. But now, with enough practice, who knows what they could do to each other? While some of the possibilities seemed beneficial, others were quite frightening...they could inadvertently hurt each other if they weren't careful. He was beginning to realize just how much trust Gardevoir had in him to want this mating, to allow him in her mind, and why she took the idea of mating so seriously.  



"I understand. How would we go about practicing such things? How would we gain such abilities?"  



(That is for you and the girl to find out on your own. You have little time left to ask me anything, as your body is beginning to wake. Do you feel it?)  



Yes, Slash felt it; the void was beginning to dim, and he noticed a large hourglass near the doors, with one half marked 'SLEEP' and the other 'CONSCIOUSNESS'. The SLEEP sand was nearly empty. He idly wondered if he could make himself sleep or wake at his own whim with enough practice (or if Gardevoir could do it to him), but his thoughts were broken as he heard something else in the void, something rather...disturbing.  



"What the hell is that?"  



(That is your sensory ability starting to activate. Listen, and listen carefully to the whispers.)  



Slash strained to hear them, but while he could make out some sort of speech, the words themselves seemed garbled and alien, like the writing above several of the doors. "I can't understand them."  



(You will in time. Eventually you will be able to hear them in the waking world, as well. I...You are waking now. Good luck with your development, Slash.)  



"Wait! I don't know what you are, but you know a lot about me, and...all this. Can't you help teach me the next time I sleep? Teach me to use any new abilities I've gained or have the potential to gain?"  



(I am only a guide to your mind, not your potential, and I cannot appear to you every time you sleep. My own abilities are limited in that regard.)  



"What about the next time you are able to, then?"  



(There is no way to know. I could appear again tomorrow or I may never be able to again. I am sorry, but I must leave now. You will understand yourself in time. Farewell.)  



Slash sighed in frustration, but the smaller voice, sounding strangely kind and conciliatory, spoke in his ear.  



(Do not worry. I shall be here, waiting for you to return when you sleep again.)  



"Can't I just concentrate and return to this place when I wake up?"  



(No. I am your \[......\] and can only be heard when you slumber.)  



"What did you say you were?" Slash asked, confused at what he just heard. When the voice identified itself, the word it referred to itself as was not comprehensible to him. It was not like the alien language on the locked doors...it was more like he could hear it, but not grasp the essential meaning behind it.  



(I am...well, your guardian, to use a term that you can understand, even if it's not entirely accurate. I am the \[....\] that your mate gave to you when you joined with her, something to help you understand the bond you now share. I would explain more, but as the Interloper said, your body is waking.)  



"The Interloper? You mean the loud voice? Is it dangerous?"  



(Not dangerous, but...not as helpful or generous as it tried to make itself sound. It's...jealous. Sorrowful. I...I will explain later. For now...tend to your mate. She's waiting for you.)  



And then, there was silence.  



---


And then, there was bliss.  



Slash woke to find soft, sweet lips on his own, and delicate hands exploring his hair. He hadn't opened his eyes yet, but he didn't need to; the bond was a hundred times more useful than mere vision.  



**Gardevoir, I can...feel you. But it's so much more than before, more than sight or anything else! What is this?**  



She broke the kiss, leaving her mate breathing heavily (and happily noting the tinge of arousal sparking from him). Despite her experience with telepathy and extrasensory perception, she had been overwhelmed as well, more from his presence than the bond enhancement itself. His signature was so much more pronounced than before, a swirling storm right on the surface of his mind, a vortex of light and darkness.  



_It's like...what we felt last night, when we joined...but now it's permanent,_ she exclaimed, more to herself than to him. He nodded in understanding and gripped her tightly in his arms, feeling her bare body melt onto his own. His feelings on the bond were a mix of incredible happiness and abject terror. It was too strong...too strong for them to be able to hide their love from others. He could sense it.  



"It's so intense that I can't imagine going around and not giving away what we are. Or even just going around and being able to concentrate! How are we going to do this, Psymakio?"  



_This bond is made up of our trainer bond and our mating bond, but is much stronger than the sum of each. But we can compensate for it, I think. We will have to construct shields to limit the connection._  



"Even though I'm sure we couldn't stay secret with the bond like this, I...I'm not sure that I want to make shields. This connection is something so intimate, so...you...that I never want to live without it." He looked into her eyes and smiled sadly. "I wish we could just...run away from everything. Find somewhere where we'd never be bothered, forget about my trainer career and the Aquas and Kiako, and just enjoy each other's love for the rest of our lives."  



Gardevoir almost squealed in happiness at that, overjoyed at his words and positive that he meant them. There were no more doubts over his affection; there simply could not be, not anymore. With this bond, they could no more lie to each other than they could to themselves.  



_I...I would like that very much, as well. But you know that we can't do that. Too much is at stake. And while it might sound wonderful, running away like that...I don't know if we'd be able to sleep at night, knowing what our enemies are capable of._  



"I know," Slash muttered dejectedly. "It sure sounds nice though, doesn't it?"  



_Yes,_ she whispered, her mind briefly fluttering with an image of the two of them in a den, hundreds of miles from civilization, living their lives like mates of her kind typically would. She even allowed a few children to slip into her fantasy before realizing that, at least, was impossible.  



"I'm sorry, Gardevoir."  



_About what?_  



"That I can't give you that."  



She didn't understand at first, but then she realized that he'd seen her thoughts over the bond. Before, they could only read each other's specific thoughts and images if one of them sent it, or if one looked into the other when their shields were down. Now everything was naturally shared, and they'd need shields simply to keep their thoughts to themselves.  



_It's not your fault, master. I told you that I was willing to fight your enemies, so it's my decision as well. I'll stay with you, in your world, for as long as we must._  



"That's not what I meant, Gardevoir. I'm sorry that I can't ever give you..."  



He trailed off, looking away, and she suddenly understood when she felt his shame pour over to her. She squeezed him tight, letting her love wash back to him, trying to overcome his sudden flood of doubt and self-hatred. _Oh, master...that is not your fault either! I accept you as what you are, and all the consequences that come with it, good and bad. I do not need children to be happy with you! And even if we could...we're both a little young to consider such a thing._  



"I hadn't even considered the child situation until I saw your mental image of a perfect life, though! I should have talked to you about it before we mated...now you're stuck to someone who can't give that to you."  



_Stuck to...Slash, I have no regrets about joining with you! I would gladly sacrifice having a family to be your mate and you know it!_  



His shame lessened the slightest bit, and she continued. _Besides, I could just as well apologize for not being able to be a mother for you. Neither of us can blame the other for what we are...and the same goes for us blaming ourselves._  



"I know that, Gardevoir. Hell, I don't even want kids, but the thought that I could never give them to you still makes me feel lousy, even if what you're saying is true."  



_Hush, now. There's no need to sadden yourself over this. This is a happy time, remember? And I've never been happier than I am now. I thought about that issue before we joined and decided that I could go without children. So smile, master. Please? I love you, and I'll never regret my decision to be your mate. Ever._  



He looked at her pleading face, surprised by what he was sensing: the truth. While he hadn't considered the incompatibility issue before they mated, she obviously had; and while she could not hide her fantasy of having a family someday, he knew she was not lying about being willing to give that up for him. He gave her a quick kiss and hugged her tight, smiling happily at her returned embrace.  



"I don't deserve you, you know that? I'm going to spend the rest of my life trying to thank you for loving me."  



_I'll be doing the same for you. I think our mutual thanking sessions will be most...enjoyable,_ she whispered, moving a leg over his body to allow him to press directly between her thighs. She flushed a bit, still unaccustomed to being so bold about this sort of thing, but she did not waver; she could sense his early-morning arousal and knew, more importantly, that coupling with her mate would wash away his worry and sadness much more completely than mere talk.  



Slash's breathing sped up as he felt Gardevoir folding against his body, his sex rubbing against hers and hardening rapidly. He didn't understand the sudden shift in her mood, but certainly wasn't going to complain.  



_When the dominant male doubts himself, it is the duty of the female to help him re-establish his authority,_ she whispered in a sultry voice, answering his unasked question. _By submitting to the male fully, the female proves to him that his strength is real and his dominance is unquestioned._  



"I'm not...dominant over you, Psymakio. We're equal, remember?"  



_I know. But you still need it. I want to prove to you that I'm happy being with you, and that I have no regrets. I know that you can sense that what I'm saying is true, but...my body will make sure that you believe me._  



She began kissing him before he had a chance to reply. She could sense that he was not entirely comfortable with the issue of dominance and submission...not yet anyway. Perhaps, by showing him that she desired it...and showing him how enjoyable it could be...perhaps then he would understand that it didn't lessen either of them. And perhaps it would get rid of that part of his heart that was still hurting over his perceived weakness of being human.  



Yes, he _did_ need this. That hurt part of him wasn't sure it could believe her words about not needing children. Showing him how much she wanted him, showing him just how much she trusted him...it would help him to see that she could not---literally could not---lie to him anymore.  



Gardevoir rolled him on top of her, using her psychic abilities to support his heavier body. She rubbed herself on his rapidly hardening sex, pressing against him insistently, moaning softly at the feel of his shaft rubbing up against her clit.  



_Any time you need me...any way you need me...as much as you need me...I'm yours, master,_ she whispered, punctuating her words with hard and insistent rolls of her hips. _You can take me any way you desire. I'm wet and waiting._  



Slash looked down at her sex-flushed face, scarcely able to think straight with the amount of desire flowing from his mate. "What about...what about the shields?"  



_After._  



He nodded, then relinquished a great deal of his hesitation, covering her neck with kisses, hands fondling her breasts and belly. He was about to thrust into her arching body when an idea occurred to him.  



"Gardevoir?"  



_Yes, master?_  



"You said I could take you any way I wanted, right?"  



She nodded quickly, hoping to encourage the spark of desire in his voice. Her own rationality was starting to fade now, quickly being replaced by instinct. The self-control she had the night before was barely present. As she looked into the eyes of her mate...the caring, loving male that was grasping her slim body and covering it with his much stronger form...she gave in to her desire fully. She'd let him have her, any way he wished, and let him realize her love for him by allowing him to fill her with his essence.  



And she would show him that she was a good mate, one worthy of someone like him.  



"I was thinking...we could try something new. Something I think both of us are curious about. Something that would be pleasurable for both of us, and would still let me be...dominant."  



_Of course, master...anything you want..._  



"I'll need to get off of you for a moment."  



She nodded, letting him climb off of her body (but hating the loss of warmth that followed). He moved over to the nightstand and began to dig through the top drawer.  



_What should I do?_  



"Just get out from under the covers and lay on your stomach. This won't take long."  



As she moved to obey, she glimpsed an image of what he was going to do with her. Her body trembled slightly at the knowledge, a bit from nervousness and a bit from want. She would be happy to let him, of course, although she was still a bit skeptical that people _really_ did that, and unable to understand how both parties could enjoy such a thing. Slash realized she saw his plans and sent an intentional...and explicit...follow-up.  



_I'll need to put up the shields as soon as this is done,_ she said to him with a blushing smile, _even if only to keep surprises from each other._  



Slash nodded, pulling out a bottle of something transparent and smelling like strawberries, and turned back to her with a nervous grin. He didn't _feel_ very dominant, not as nervous as he was, but he had a feeling that would pass, just as it had when they'd begun making love.  



_What's that?_  



"Just some lubricant. Watson left a few...supplies...in case we needed them."  



_Why would we need that?_  



Slash blushed a bit, but his erection seemed to grow even harder. As silly and virginal as he felt talking about this, the idea that he would be taking the slim beauty next to him---like _that_, no less---was extremely...appealing.  



"To make things...easier. I can't just thrust it into your ass, Gardevoir, I'd hurt you. It took a lot of time and...wetness...to enter you normally, and you're not any less tight in the back."  



_So...what are you going to..._  



Taking a deep breath and trying to tap into his inner dominant-male, if he had one (he'd be sure to check his doors the next time he had a chance), he responded. "I'm going to slick you up, stretch you out, and then plunge into you."  



Gardevoir shuddered, trying to visualize his words. She didn't have the human society's ingrained taboo of anal sex, but neither did she have much understanding of the concept. _Will it...hurt?_, she asked in a small voice.  



"Not if we're careful, I think. It might hurt a little, especially since this is the first time...but not much. And it should feel good for you, too."  



_Even if it didn't, I would still let you. I want you inside me, claiming me, regardless of where you...put it. I just hope you'll fit,_ she said with a laugh.  



"If I managed to penetrate you vaginally, I think I can squeeze in there, too."  



He gave the beautiful girl a thorough look, admiring her graceful, bare body. Even with the countless mental images of making love to her, it was still so hard to believe that she was his. He moved between her thighs, placing her long legs around his waist and pulled her close enough to him so that her bottom was within reach. Both gasped as his erection was pressed against her glistening-wet sex, and Slash had to bite his lip to resist the urge to simply take her right then and there.  



"I'm going to...work at you a little, okay? I need to stretch you out a bit before I try to enter you."  



_Al-alright, master..._  



"Tell me if I'm hurting you, okay? I'm serious about that, too. I'm more than happy to have the occasional dominance session with you, but I would not be okay with causing you pain."  



_I promise._  



"Good girl," he whispered, and turned his attention to the silver skin that lay before him. "You're so beautiful, Psymakio. It's a shame we won't be able to make love every day once we're back on the road again."  



_I don't want to think about that. Right now, let's just focus on...this._  



"Good idea."  



Slash started to gently fondle her lower body, exploring the soft and welcoming flesh with his hands. He'd felt her before, even rubbed off on her, but had never so closely interacted with this part of her. She was perfectly proportionate, her bottom small but inviting to the eyes and hands. Damn shame that her natural clothing, as elegant as it was, hid this alluring feature of hers.  



"We're in trouble, Gardevoir. I fear that we won't be able to walk together without my hand trying to grab you here."  



She flushed and laughed, trying to focus on the image of him doing so and not the deadly consequences that would occur if he actually did so in public. Another reason for the shields...they couldn't steal touches and kisses in front of others, as much as they'd like to.  



Slash gently clasped her sweet skin, spreading the cheeks apart. Her pink entrance looked tight and inviting, and he gently slid a finger over it...not trying to enter her, but merely to get her used to the sensation...and she sighed contentedly beneath him.  



"Most humans consider contact here to be repelling, even the ones who engage in this kind of intercourse. But I don't. I think that it can be just as romantic, just as...glorious...as the 'normal' way of making love." He considered. "Do Pokemon do this? Any of them?"  



_I'm not sure. I wouldn't think so. If most Pokemon are like my kind, they wouldn't consider it. We're not very imaginative in regards to mating...most of it would just be intercourse, for breeding._ She hesitated, not sure if she should bring up the topic again, but decided that it may help him. _You may not be able to give me children, master, but you can give me many other things...new ways of making love, new ways of having fun...I'm so happy to have you as my mate, and would not trade you for the world._  



Slash had not thought about that; as much as he hated the bigotry and callousness of his culture, it did give him something new and wonderful to share with his mate. He realized that, while there were things he could not give her as a human, there were also many things that he could, things that a Pokemon mate would not be able to.  



"Thank...thank you," he replied, unable to form words for how he felt. Gardevoir could sense his emotions directly, though, and sent back a pulse of affection that warmed his heart.  



(I'll make our couplings as wonderful to her as I can. It's the least I can do to thank her for accepting someone like me.)  



Squirting a bit of the lubricant on his hand, Slash began to poke at her entrance, slowly and carefully starting to slip a finger into the tight ring of muscle. Gardevoir squealed in surprise and involuntarily clenched up, and he stopped for a moment.  



"It's alright. I'll go slowly. Try to relax...it'll make things much easier."  



_I'm sorry, master, it's just that I'm not used to...that feeling._  



"You will in time. Just relax and trust me."  



_Alright._  



She closed her eyes, trying to calm herself. He moved his finger again and she squeezed tight once more, but after a moment she was able to relax herself. It was much like training her body to react with her psychic abilities...overriding instinctual actions and replacing them with her will. She focused on relaxing her entire body, and Slash's finger easily slid into her.  



"You're so tight. So warm," Slash whispered, carefully moving his finger inside her, exploring her passage. He withdrew a bit, then plunged back into her, and Gardevoir couldn't hold back a whimper of pleasure. It felt _good_...at best, she'd expected it to be neutral, neither painful nor pleasurable, but yes, it was _good_!  



"You like it?"  



_Oh, yes...I never imagined..._  



"Imagine what it'll be like when my cock is inside of you...sharing our sensation through the bond as I pump you..."  



She began to tremble as he added a second finger to her, causing a slight burn of pain. Slash felt it over the bond and started rubbing his cock against her sex, sending jolts of pleasure through her body that immediately overwhelmed the small bit of discomfort from being stretched a bit.  



The idle conversation had stopped now; Gardevoir was too immersed in the sensations wracking her body to speak, and Slash found himself at a loss of words as he gently fingered her anus. A deep, primal feeling was building in his body...something a thousand times more intense than mere arousal or mere desire. He didn't know if he had an inner dominance within him, but he certainly had _something_, possibly something Gardevoir had given him in their bonding...some powerful, instinctual urging to plunge into her, make her cry out in pleasure, make her squirm around his cock and climax over and over until she lay exhausted, sated, and positive that her mate loved her.  



Suddenly, he understood. _This_ was what Gardevoir meant when she spoke of her instincts. He had thought that dominating her, even if she enjoyed it, would be lessening her, demeaning her...every bit of his human upbringing had rebelled against the idea. But he realized now that it was exactly the opposite. His desire did not want to make her feel like a slave or a sexual outlet, but instead to feel loved and cared for through his actions.  



(And I almost missed it due to my damn upbringing, almost dismissed it as something primitive and barbaric. I hope she can forgive me.)  



Now that he realized what she wanted, he wasn't nearly as hesitant in his actions. He scissored his fingers in her opening, stretching the tight muscle and making Gardevoir cry out in a mixture of pleasure and pain. She did not ask for him to stop, sensing the change within his mind, and simply clutched the sheets and gave herself to the experience of his fingers swirling around inside her body. This was amazing...feeling him rubbing on her, fingers inside of her...while the action itself may not have been natural for her kind, her instincts seemed to grasp that it was still a very sexually-charged activity, making her heart race and her body cry out to be entered. Her sex was absolutely drenched with her juices, coating his hard erection in slippery wetness.  



_How much longer, master? I need you now!_  



"Just a little more," he replied in a voice she scarcely recognized. He was confident now, no longer hesitant about this activity and no longer depressed about their earlier problem. He slipped in a third finger, and while it still hurt her a little, it was significantly less than she expected.  



"I'm going to thrust into you so deep, Gardevoir. I'm going to fill you up just like I did last night, except that it's going to be an even tighter fit. Can you imagine that? I'm going to shoot my cum as deep into your body as I can."  



The only response she was capable of was moving her hips back and forth, trying to increase the friction of his cock on her vulva and the penetration of his fingers in her anus. He smiled, lust flowing through his body at her reaction, and withdrew his hand from her  



"I think you're ready. Get on your knees."  



She quickly squirmed out of his grip, literally dripping with excitement, and presented herself to him. Slash inhaled deeply at the beautiful sight of her body, of her sweet and aroused sex and tight, lube-slicked anus.  



**Mine**, he sent to her, and she smiled happily, wriggling her hips a bit to entice him.  



_Yours. Always._  



He moved close, until her cheeks were pressed against his thighs. He ran the tip of his cock over her, brushing down and over her anus, spreading the wetness that coated his sex over the puckered hole, and trying hard to resist the urge to simply plunge into her. Even as turned-on as he was right now, he knew that something like that would hurt her greatly, and that realization reaffirmed his earlier conclusion: dominance was not the same as disregard.  



Putting some more of the lubrication on his hand, he rubbed a liberal amount of the slick substance on her, and slipped a finger into her, swirling it around to get some inside. Once satisfied that she was sufficiently prepared, he slathered the rest on his erection and then put the bottle aside. He draped his body over hers, hands gently grasping her hips, and rocked against her a few times, making his mate sigh in pleasure.  



_Now?_  



"Yes. Now. I love you."  



_I love you too, my dear._  



Slash lined up with her entrance and carefully, delicately began to push into her. His fingers had stretched her a good deal, but she was still amazingly tight; the lubrication helped, but did not make things easy. For several seconds he made no progress, his cock merely pushing at her anus, unable to breach her. He gripped her waist tightly and pushed in a bit too fast, plunging the head of his cock, and several inches of the shaft, into her constricting tunnel.  



_Ah! Slower...please...I just need to...adapt..._  



Slash complied, moving a mere few millimeters forward before stopping, giving her time to adjust. He looked down to see his shaft slipping into her, barely able to believe that he could fit into such a small opening. The contrast of his flushed sex against her pale skin aroused him greatly, and he sent the sight to Gardevoir's eyes.  



_You're actually...I can hardly believe you can fit, master..._  



"I know, but I am. And I'm going to plunge into you until my entire cock is inside."  



_I feel so...full...you can go a bit faster if you want, I'm starting to get used to it..._  



He nodded, carefully pushing forward, feeling her narrow rear passage squeeze around his cock as he did so, the warmth and tightness nearly driving him mad. Gardevoir clenched her teeth and panted as she felt his thick shaft fill her, not minding the slight burn of being stretched. It wasn't better than him entering her sex, but it wasn't any worse, either; just...different.  



At last, he was inside her fully, his entire length buried in her tight rectum. She hissed from the pain/pleasure feeling, but wouldn't trade it for the world.  



_This is...incredible. People really don't like to glorify this?_  



"No, even though a lot do it, although they'd rarely admit it. Many of them think that it's a perversion."  



Gardevoir laughed in disbelief. _Well, I find this to be...like you said, just as intimate as the 'normal' way. You can be a pervert with me whenever you want, master._  



Slash smiled, and moved slightly inside of her, making her jump. "Can I, uh, start?"  



She turned her head to him, her cheeks flushed brightly with arousal. _Yes, just go slow at first._  



As she turned back, eager to experience this new kind of lovemaking, she wondered if there was a way to do this where she could face him. She wouldn't interrupt now, unsure of how long it would take to enter her again, but...later, she would try to find out. She loved the look on her mate's face when he reached climax, the cute little faces he made.  



"Before we start, maybe we should connect our sensation. Especially since we'll be shielding a bit later."  



_Alright._  



The two concentrated, focusing on linking their pleasure. It was somewhat like when they joined...throwing two threads out to wrap into one. Suddenly Gardevoir could feel the pleasure of being surrounded by a tight heat, and Slash felt the incredible intimacy of being filled up physically. It wasn't perfect---Slash did not feel what he would if he were actually penetrated, for example---but the basic sensation of pleasure was the same.  



_This is...this is what you feel, master?_  



"Yeah..."  



Gardevoir giggled. _No wonder boys are so pervy. I'm glad that I can bring you such pleasure, master._  



"And I'm glad I can make you feel so...fulfilled...and that this isn't hurting you."  



_Even if it did hurt, I'd be glad to take some pain to bring you pleasure. Now...please...take me. I need you so badly..._  



Slash nodded, and began to move within her. He withdrew his cock slowly, pulling back until only the head remained inside her, and then slowly pushed back into her tightness. No shame at taking her like this...no disgust, no feeling that this was 'the other way'. This was making love, regardless of the methodology, and the sensations of affection flowing from Gardevoir was just as real. And in terms of pleasure...it was just as good. Her vagina may have been wetter, more slippery and soft...but her rectum was hotter, tighter, befitting the carnality of this act. He reared back and plunged balls-deep into her once more, getting turned on, not embarrassed, by the slight squishing sound of his lube-slicked entry.  



The scant amount of pain Gardevoir had initially felt quickly vanished, being replaced by a wondrous, unfamiliar pleasure. At first she felt like she needed to use the bathroom, nearly teleporting away before realizing that the sensation was misleading her and that the worry was unjustified. Now she collapsed forward, her face and breasts on the cool sheets and her lower body held up by Slash's hands and insistent thrusts. She looked out the window at the rising sun, realizing that the sight matched what she saw inside her mate's heart right now.  



_(sunrise or sunset. Right now it's the former...moving out of dark sadness and into the light. He's so beautiful...so perfect...)_  



_You know,_ Gardevoir gasped as Slash began to thrust into her faster, _I had wanted to watch the sun come up with you...holding hands on the balcony...but this is good, too..._  



He laughed breathlessly in agreement, continuing to rock back and forth in her ass, still fascinated at the shared sensation of taking and being taken simultaneously. He slipped a hand down between her thighs, gently removing Gardevoir's hand and replacing her ministrations with his own. She was so wet, so deliciously dripping wet...while he knew it would not be hygienic to enter her there right after this type of intercourse, the temptation was still there.  



_We can always make love the 'normal' way later, master,_ she moaned. _I'm happy with this right now..._  



Unable to trust himself with words, he responded telepathically. **I am too. I don't know how long I can last doing this, though...you're just so tight, and...**  



_Then don't try to hold back. Take me hard and fast, have your way with me, fill me up! Please!_  



Hardly able to believe Gardevoir could talk like that, he eagerly complied, pumping her bowels in long, drawn-out strokes that had her crying out in ecstasy. He continued to rub frantically at her vulva, plunging a finger into her to massage that special spot of hers that drove her wild, trying to get her to climax before him and fulfill the expectations of a dominant male. She mewled and squealed under his touch, moving her hips to catch his strokes and push back for maximum friction, starting to come undone as orgasm began to overtake her. Her fingers dug into the sheets, tiny claws digging into the fabric as she climaxed, her entire body clenching up as she rode the waves of pleasure. Her creamy cum squirted from her in a splash, and Slash followed almost immediately after, plunging into her up to the hilt, so deep that she thought she'd been impaled, and filling her spasming rectum with hot cum, marking her as his woman, his mate. Gardevoir collapsed into a prone position with him on top of her, feeling his strong arms spoon her body into his.  



The two lay together in a delightful afterglow, watching the sunrise, sharing kisses in the warm morning light. He made no effort to withdraw from her, instead enjoying the tight squeezes that accompanied the aftershocks of her climax. For a long time they simply lay there, Slash rubbing her cum-slick vulva in gentle massaging motions, taking every last spark of pleasure that they could from each other.  



_You were quite...eager,_ Gardevoir finally said. _Did you change your mind about things?_  



"Yeah. I think it's something you passed onto me. It wasn't until you got me horny as hell that I realized that the point of our roles isn't control, it's sharing our love and bodies. Human prejudice against new ideas, I suppose." Slash kissed her softly, tracing the opening between her lips with his tongue. "Thank you for showing me that...sharing your world with me. I like it much better than my own."  



_Don't say that. If we didn't have your world, we wouldn't have done...what we just did,_ Gardevoir said with a smile. _It was...very enjoyable. Any time you want to repeat it...just let me know._  



Smiling broadly, he nodded. "I know that we have to put up some shields if we're going to operate normally in public, but...we can still drop them when we make love, right?"  



_Yes. Once I create the shield network I'll be able to drop and re-establish it without much difficulty. But the shields won't interfere with us very much anyway, master. We'll be able to override each other's shields almost effortlessly...the point of them will be to stop us from always reading each others thoughts...which we do now whether we want to or not...not to actually prevent us from being able to._  



"Alright," he replied in understanding, his chin resting on one of her smooth white shoulders. "When are you going to make them?"  



_Maybe we should wash up now. I can weave the barriers while we do, and then we can enjoy the rest of our time here._  



"Alright."  



Reluctantly disengaging, the pair climbed out of bed and headed to the bathroom. When Slash grabbed her bottom as they walked, Gardevoir giggled and playfully slapped his hand before racing into the bathroom. Slash ran in after her, finding himself instantly tackled and teleported into the large jacuzzi.  



And there, before she started on the barriers, Gardevoir showed that she could be dominant, too.  



---


Hundreds of miles away and thousands of feet in the air, a dark and twisted monster was riding towards Hoenn.  



Kiako gazed at the landscape below him, red eyes raking over the world of man. The biting cold of this altitude did not bother him. Why would it? He was no more human than the beast he rode upon.  



The dragon roared at him, asking how much farther their destination was. The man with demon eyes checked his scanner.  



"Two more days. Be patient. I know that this traveling is tedious, but you'll get your chance at battle soon enough."  



"Gyarr!"  



"We're going to destroy an entire city this time. The Pearl cannot be destroyed, so I see no reason why we should not just blast the area into oblivion and find our objective in the dust and rubble."  



Gyarados snarled unhappily, and Kiako laughed with genuine humor.  



"I was kidding. Come now, what do you take me for? There would be no fun in simply blasting it to hell from the air. We'll be going right down there and hacking up those vermin...one rat at a time."  



The dragon nodded, turning its attention back to flying. Kiako lay back and delved into his own thoughts. Yes, their goal was nearly at hand. Well, the first part of it, anyway. What a damned long and overcomplicated legend this was. First comes the Pearls, then the Seal, then the Princes, then the King. Honestly, if the end result wasn't as delicious as it was, he'd likely have blown off Team Rocket years ago.  



But, he supposed that, in the long run, he was glad he hadn't. He'd grown up among normal people...boring, insane apes that were as cowardly as they were stupid. They were capable of great destruction, yes, but they were too...unpredictable. Too unreliable. It would be dangerous to oppose them directly, but he was not nearly charismatic enough to rally the worms to his cause.  



Hence why he accepted Giovanni's offer.  



He didn't really have a choice, of course. The two had come to blows on top of that mountain, yes...and the dark man had utterly destroyed him. But instead of finishing him, and instead of walking away, Giovanni had merely pointed to the sweeping vista below them. And then he had said the words that had changed his life.  



"All that you see can be yours...if you fall on your knees and worship me."  



And gods, the way he said it, the power the man exuded...it left no doubt in his mind that Giovanni was capable of his offer. Humbled and desperate, he'd done as he said.  



Kiako had spent the first few months of his service planning to kill the man at the first sign of weakness or betrayal. But such events never came to pass. Giovanni was not the same as the bland weaklings he'd grown up with, or the disgusting and violent cowards that had hunted him down in his adolescence.  



Instead of demanding respect like the vermin who claimed to be his parents, he earned it through logic, strength, and efficiency.  



Instead of condemning his abilities and trying to kill him for them, Giovanni actively encouraged his development.  



And mostly important, instead of making him some low-ranking minion, the dark man had set him up at the top, and the two of them turned his once incompetent army into something small, sleek, and deadly.  



And now, with their goal finally coming to fruition...  



Kiako smiled into the morning sky over Kanto. Things were certainly looking promising.  



---------------  



Slash and Gardevoir climbed out the bath an hour later, clean and satisfied.  



As they began to get dressed, Slash noticed something in his jeans pocket, something he'd utterly forgotten about in the haze of lovemaking and bonding.  



"Hey, Psymakio?"  



_Yes?_  



"I have something for you. I meant to give it to you last night, but...we got a little carried away. May as well give it to you now."  



She giggled happily, dropping her clothing and running over to his side (Slash smiled; she certainly had a bounciness about her). He handed her the wrapped package and blushed. "It's nothing really special...nothing compared to our stay here...but---"  



Gardevoir pulled out the shiny disc and slipped it on her finger. _It's beautiful, master! So shiny and pretty! A little large, but that's okay!_  



Slash laughed and carefully pulled it off of her. "No, no, silly. It's a technical machine. It instantly teaches Pokemon a new technique. Like Growlithe's Return attack...he didn't learn that naturally, it came from a TM that my parents got me."  



_Oh! Neat. What's this thingy have?_  



"Well...I...I remembered how you told me about your childhood...how you had to stay on the run to avoid being killed, because your powers wouldn't have any effect on dark Pokemon."  



Gardevoir's smile faded, and she looked at her mate's face intently. It seemed that this gift was something more serious than he'd let on.  



"So...I got you this. It'll let you be able to use Thunderbolt, a powerful electric technique. There aren't any Dark-Ground Pokemon...none that I know of, anyway...so, at the very least, you'll have something to fend off any opponent, regardless of type."  



Her expression softening, she threw her arms around him, warm skin pressing against warm skin. _Master, I...thank you. This does mean a lot to me, I promise._  



"I just hated the thought of you being absolutely helpless. Even though you're not alone anymore, there's still a chance that we'll come up against opponents with dark-type Pokemon, so...yeah."  



_A lot of Aquas use dark-types._  



"That was another major influence on my decision for which TM to get you."  



She nodded, pulling back from her embrace just enough to kiss him. _I mean it, thank you. I know that you thought it was kind of a dorky gift, but...you helping me to be able to protect myself...and to protect you...that's something that touches me deeply. I love you, Slash._  



He smiled at her rare use of his name. "I love you too, Psymakio."  



The two stood together for a long moment, simply enjoying each other's warmth and contact. So depressing to think that they would hardly ever be able to hold each other like this once they left this room. They'd have moments, yes...but not nearly as many as they'd like.  



"You want to order up some breakfast? I'd like to have a nice and quiet romantic meal with you before we leave. No pesky females or anything."  



She laughed, remembering their 'date' fondly, and nodded.  



-----------------  



Gardevoir ducked into the bathroom when they delivered the meal, a large breakfast for one that she and her mate would share together. Once they were alone, they snuggled up together on the balcony, so high up that no one could possibly see them, and enjoyed a meal under the morning sun.  



At first Slash was resentful that they had to resort to this...getting only one meal to avoid suspicion, his mate having to hide when the damned room service arrived...but as the two of them shared their breakfast, feeding each other as they talked about their new bond, he found it hard to be mad at anything.  



He told her about what he experienced in his dream, and was glad that Gardevoir could clarify a little of what he discovered. The smaller voice was part of her gift to him, a guide in his abilities that would help him adapt to his still mostly-dormant awareness. The larger voice she could not explain, but she did not like the idea that a different voice, one that out-spoke her own, was in his mind. She quickly dipped into his mind, trying to find any trace of the voice, but was unable to locate any signs of the "Interloper".  



_I'll see if I can sense anything next time you sleep, master. But just promise me you'll listen to MY voice, not...something else._  



"I promise. It was kind of scary when it was happening, but it's comforting to know that, in a way, you're guiding me through all of this. I wonder when my senses will start developing..."  



_It probably won't take long. I think I sensed some low-level abilities in your mind when you were sleeping, so it'll likely surface in your waking mind within a day or two._  



"You'll help me with that, right?"  



_Of course, master._  



Another moment of amiable silence.  



"Do you think the other Pokemon will be okay with us being mates?"  



_They were supportive of it before. I can't see any reason why they wouldn't be now. Although now they'll probably think of you as more of an alpha male than a trainer._  



Slash couldn't help but laugh at that. "What, I'm supposed to be dominant over Graveler, who outweighs me by half a ton?"  



_Size isn't what Pokemon judge each other by, it's leadership. You're not as powerful as them, but you're still the authority that they look up to. They'll consider me the alpha female, too...I hope that doesn't make any of them feel disconnected from me. I'm fond of all of them._  



"Do you think I could speak with them directly with my new powers?"  



She considered. _I'm not sure. I suppose it could be possible, but it would be much more difficult than talking to me since there's no bond with them. Plus there would be no emotion transfer or anything._  



"I see. Hopefully I'll be able to...it would make things a lot easier as we go against our foes."  



_Where will we be going next, master? Are we going to stay in Mauville much longer, or go after Briney for the piece of the tablet?_  



"I think we should move out as soon as possible. We really need more information, and Briney is the only clue we've got right now. We'll head to Slateport tomorrow, and see if he's still there. If not, we'll try to hitch a ride back to Petalburg. But before we go, there's something I have to do."  



_What?_  



He didn't respond at first, and kept the answer behind his shields. Gardevoir could easily penetrate the barrier if she wished, but didn't; she could sense he wanted to keep it a secret.  



"Are you done eating?"  



_Yes. You want to leave?_  



"We may as well. We have to check out soon anyway, and we don't really have enough time to...you know, have another...session," he said with a blush. She nodded, likewise disappointed, but glad that they'd had any time together at all. The past night and morning was something she'd treasure in her heart forever...joining with her mate at the top of the city with the full moon as their witness.  



"Alright. Let's pack up and get ready to leave, then."  



_Don't forget to bring the dress, master. We may have use for it again someday._  



Slash grinned, remembering slipping the flimsy fabric off of her supple body. "I'm sure we will, my love."  



-------------------------------  



Once he was outside Watson's house, he released Gardevoir from her Pokeball.  



The two walked in and were almost immediately tackled by Growlithe and Electrike, both of whom were sniffing at their trainer and his Kaishakunin a little too much for comfort. Both eventually backed off and barked excitedly at the pair.  



"I guess they're supportive of our mating," Slash said with a smile. Corphish waddled over and chirped happily when Gardevoir knelt down to pat his head. Graveler called over from across the room, busy lifting a huge set of weights with his huge stone arms; he obviously didn't want to simply sit around in his trainer's absence.  



Watson walked in from the kitchen, a pot of Pokechow in each hand, and nodded in greeting. "Well, good to see you two again. Did you have a good time?"  



Both blushed, silently nodding. The two scent-inclined Pokemon could smell the arousal of their alphas, but had the good graces not to mention it to the others. "Yeah, things went...really, really well."  



"I take it you two were successful in bonding?"  



"Yeah. It was really something, Watson. So much more than I expected."  



Putting the food down on the ground for the smaller Pokemon to get at, the old man smiled. "I'm glad to hear it. You enjoy my little gift to ya both?"  



Gardevoir's blush darkened, and she quickly nodded, not making eye contact. Slash grinned sheepishly and also found somewhere else to look as Watson laughed.  



"How much longer are you staying in Mauville?"  



Slash re-established his calm and looked back at him. "Tomorrow, I think. It's about time we get on the road again. But before we go...there's a favor I want to ask of you."  



"Yeah?"  



"I want a battle with you. As soon as possible."  



Gardevoir's gaze shot over to her mate, and the three smaller Pokemon looked up from their food in shock. Only Graveler remained calm, continuing to pump his weights as steadily as he had when he started.  



Watson gave him a shrewd look. "You're sure, boy? I mean, you're a skilled trainer...and you've certainly gotten stronger since you arrived...but you know what I'm capable of."  



"I'm positive about this."  



"If we battle, I won't be holding back."  



"I understand. I'd expect nothing less."  



The old man still didn't look convinced. "Why do you want to do this?", he asked quietly. "There's no reason that you can't wait until you're a bit stronger, a bit more experienced. There's no time limit on greatness."  



Slash looked over his team with confident eyes. Gardevoir, his loving mate. Graveler, his titanic strong-man. Growlithe, his loyal friend. Corphish, his scrappy brawler. Electrike, his feisty newcomer. A young, rag-tag team to be sure...but he had faith in them.  



"I want to do this because I'm not sure if we'll get another chance. We might have to come back to Mauville soon...or might not be able to for months, maybe years...or maybe we'll never be able to again." His fists clenched at the thought of the Aquas and Kiako, spreading their malevolent actions over the land. "So, before we go...and since my team has significantly improved and evolved since our arrival...I want to give it a shot. And I really think we can win."  



Watson considered for a moment, then nodded. "Alright. I'll do it. The people need a morale booster in any case. How about this evening? I'll have time to inform the town and get everything organized. You know this will be a big event here, right?"  



"I know."  



"Do you have any preferences for the battle rules?"  



Slash appeared to hesitate, but Gardevoir sensed that he had actually thought about this beforehand, and was merely appearing to be picking his choice out of the blue.  



"How about two-on-two, with one reserve Pokemon each?"  



"Fine with me. Choose your three wisely, Slash. I'm not going to be easy to beat."  



Watson extended his hand. Slash shook it.  



"Tonight at eight. We'll have to use the main arena at the Gym to seat all the spectators, I reckon. Be on time."  



"I will. Thanks, Watson. Even if I lose, I promise to give you a challenge."  



The old man smiled agreeably. "Of that, I have no doubt."  



Gardevoir gave her mate a concerned look, but Slash eased her worry with a simply pulse of reassurance. He did seem to have a plan, at least. He motioned to his other Pokemon to follow him, and began leading his team outside and to the fields they'd trained in before.  



----------------------------------------  



As they walked toward the tree where Slash and Gardevoir had shared their first romance, the silver Pokemon's mind was racing in confusion.  



_Master, what are you planning? You know that we don't stand a chance against Watson! We couldn't hold a candle against Maxie and the old man destroyed him effortlessly. How can any of us match up against him?_  



Slash motioned for his team to sit down. He lay against the tree, feeling its sun-warmed wood against his back, and smiled at his mate.  



"You're forgetting three key issues, Gardevoir."  



_And those would be?_  



"Firstly, we've become much stronger since we arrived here. All of you have leveled up significantly, and both you and Geodude have evolved. Secondly, while Watson could indeed thrash us in a standard battle, we'll be fighting in a two-on-two, single reserve match, which offers a lot of opportunity for strategy."  



_And third?_  



"Watson expects us to use Graveler."  



Gardevoir glanced over at the huge rock Pokemon, who was nodding in calm understanding. Odd, considering how excited he'd been to get a chance to win in a Gym battle.  



_I don't understand. You won't be leading with him?_  



"I won't be using him at all."  



Slash grinned. "Watson knows that I'm more skilled than most trainers my age, so he'll probably assume I'll be clever enough to use two electric-neutral Pokemon as my leads, and have Graveler as my reserve Pokemon. That way our 'secret weapon' won't get thrashed if he, for example, decides to use his Lanturn right off the bat. And he would almost certainly be correct in that assumption of his, if it were any other team than ours that he was facing."  



_So what will we be doing, then?_  



"We'll fucking blow his mind, Gardevoir. Me and Graveler already discussed our plan...that's why he was training so hard in front of the old man, to make him think Graveler is our big gun. But once Watson sees my plan...he's going to think I'm either stone-cold-stupid or a fucking genius with something up my sleeve." Slash paused, smiling ruefully. "I just hope I end up being the latter."  



He picked up a stick from the ground and started drawing a picture in the dirt. All the Pokemon crowded around him to see, and when Slash began revealing his plan, everyone was rather surprised. Objections were raised, sanity was questioned, but in the end they all had to admit that it was a brilliant plan.  



Or a suicidal one.  



-------------------------------------  



To be continued. :3
