
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

*   A/N: This ended up a lot less dark than it was originally. Though that first version was good (though exceedingly creepy), I like this one a lot more, because Miyako seems like less of an Annie Wilkes and more of a sympathetic (albeit nuts) character. Too sleepy to say much more, but the next chapter should be out a lot faster, since I've already fully outlined it. Hooray!  



This chapter (which, like the last, was a LOT longer than I intended) includes Giovanni, volcanoes, sex, and hawt Gardie-on-Gardie action. It's actually not as arousing as it sounds when put in context, lol.  



If there are any glaring grammar errors (real errors, not just Slash-uses-lots-of-run-on-sentences stuff that I do on purpose), don't worry. I haven't proofed the chapter at the time of uploading because I'm exhausted and tired and trying to watch teh elections and I'll fix them as soon as I notice them.  



Word count: ~26000  



    Time goes on, all signs of life stolen,  

    Simple dreams are all broken,  

    Best of times become desperation,  

    But how many tears must you cry to survive?

\---"Love Lies", Bon Jovi  



---      


**Chapter 24: Eclipsed**  







"Branch Four is reporting higher than expected resistance from the test subjects exposed to the Harwood serum, and in light of a casualty last week they request an additional two security teams within the next month. Branch Five reports no problems with their breeding efforts, everything running smoothly. Branch Six reports that the ballistics tests on the firearms recovered from Site Beta have had promising results, and they expect to be able to produce them on a larger scale within the week. Branch Seven is---"  



"What was that last part? About the guns?"  



The young secretary raised her gaze from the computer screen and peered at the shadowed form of the Rocket leader. The monthly status reports may have seemed dull to her, but this was the first time that her employer had ever shown disinterest in the organization's status. "Is something wrong, sir? You seem a little distant."  



He shook his head, but the distracted look did not leave his face. "It's nothing."  



"Are you sure, sir?"  



"I am merely...focused on the Fallarbor situation. Have communications cleared up there, by any chance?"  



She tapped a few keys and then shook her head. "No, they're still down. In fact, we're no longer getting transmissions from Lavaridge or Mauville, either, and transmissions from Rustboro and Verdanturf are getting spotty. The entire northwest of Hoenn is one big communications blackout."  



"Any word from Sensiari?"  



"No, sir. And the volcanic activity has prevented us from investigating the explosion from last week. We have no way to know if it was him or not. If he did survive, and assuming he's making good time, he's somewhere in the distortion range now. There's no way that we can find out either way."  



Giovanni sighed wearily, absently rolling the Sea Pearl across his desk with his palm. He was not pleased at the last week's events. First Kiako had been shot down over the Great Sea, and while he had survived, he and his Gyarados had been gravely injured. Had Rayquaza not interfered, he'd have been at Fallarbor days ago. Now, with expanding range of poisonous gases and communications distortions, he couldn't even be sure Kiako was still alive.  



And considering the size of the explosion they detected a week ago, at the same time and location that a wounded Kiako would have been, his survival was now very uncertain. The blast had been far larger than anything seen since...well, since Mewtwo's escape from the former Rocket Headquarters. No known technology could have made an explosion that large, which meant that, more than likely, it was due to Kiako losing control of his powers again.  



The last time that he had lost control, half of Branch Five had been destroyed, and Kiako himself had been nearly killed by the sheer force of it. Considering the young man's growth in strength since then, along with the fact that he was terribly injured after his encounter with Rayquaza...  



Giovanni grabbed the Pearl and put it back in the desk drawer, no longer interested in idle activity. If Kiako had indeed lost his control in that condition, it was almost certain that the Rockets had lost their second in command. Terrible in the long run, but catastrophic in the short. While Sai was a powerful agent (certainly his efficiency scores showed that), Giovanni preferred that this particular mission not rest on a single man.  



"Sir?"  



He sent an angry glare up at the pretty brunette's face, but just as quickly softened his expression as she flinched in fear, as though expecting a blow. This girl was not responsible for the increasingly dire chain of events that had occurred. There was no reason to blame her for it.  



"I'm sorry, Mara. I'm just...  



"Under a lot of stress."  



"Yes. What did you want to tell me?"  



"I just wanted to know if you'd like me to have Agent Icarus head for Fallarbor. He's stationed in Fortree, and with the poison cloud preventing flight it would take him a few weeks to get there, but..."  



Giovanni shook his head. "No, no. By the time Icarus got anywhere close, it would already be over. Unless a miracle occurs, the volcano will be erupting any day now, and I can only hope that Kiako or Sai recovers the Sky Pearl before it's buried under tons of ash and rock and put years out of my reach. I think it would be more productive to continue the status briefing, if you don't mind."  



"Yes, sir. As I was saying, Branch Six has finished the tests on their replicated firearms, and it appears that they've succeeded in copying the recovered weapons nicely. Firepower is equal to the originals harvested, and they've been able to produce ammunition with equal efficiency. They've requested permission to begin producing enough pistols for every Rocket in the field to have one."  



"What about actual field tests? Have they done any? Kiako was supposed to be doing a run for me, but considering the situation...I am uncertain if I'll be getting any results from him."  



"None yet, sir."  



"Tell them that I want a full battery of full-spectrum field tests completed before I'll sign off on mass production. I don't want to have a hundred firearms made only to find out that they don't work well in arid conditions or whatnot."  



Mara typed in the orders, glad to see Giovanni back to his alert, productive self. While the older man had always seemed to be a balanced and fair-minded gentleman, at least to her, she had heard some of the stories about him...about what he was capable of when he lost his temper or when someone failed him spectacularly. While his mask of calm demeanor had only dropped for a moment, she had no desire to ever see him looking at her like that again. It was a gaze that had sentenced thousands of people to their deaths, a gaze that had ordered a thousand twisted experiments to be conducted, and it scared the hell out of her.  



"D-done, sir. Now, Branch Seven's head of recovery, Agent Elbert, reports that their latest dig site is turning up promising results. The soil near Site Tau is heavily saturated with radiation, and---"  



"How radioactive is it?" Giovanni asked, his voice suddenly full of almost perky enthusiasm. "Another spent RTG, or more than that?"  



"A lot more, sir. The radiation levels are several orders of magnitude greater than even a newly-activated RTG would produce. It appears that some large source of radiation is buried a few hundred feet under the surface, and whatever it is, it's...leaking. But as high as the levels are, sir, they don't match what you predicted for a working fission weapon."  



He shook his head and grinned. "They wouldn't be, considering that it's been down there for nearly a thousand years. The fact that it's giving off so much radiation after all these years must mean that they're even dirtier than I thought...so dirty that they might have been intentionally made to be so. No wonder so much of Hoenn was poisoned by them...they weren't just waging war, they were waging omnicide..."  



Giovanni's gaze snapped back to Mara, but this time his eyes were full of nearly giddy excitement. "How long before they recover it?"  



"Elbert estimates that it'll be about a week before they can get to it and transport it safely back to the Branch Labs. It's releasing too much radiation to be transferred through populated areas."  



"Tell Elbert that I want them researching the device as soon as it's secured and in the lab. It will be too old to possibly repair, and the fuel source is corrupted beyond use, but if we can learn enough about its operation by looking at it, we might be able to reverse-engineer it." The dark man grinned, his worry over the Fallarbor crisis all but forgotten. "I want the core salvaged and an exact schematic of the weapon on my desk as soon as possible."  



"Yes, sir." She lowered her fingers to the computer, but stopped an inch above the keys. "Sir? What if it...goes off? In the lab, I mean? Branch Seven could be completely destroyed."  



The older man shook his head. "Nonsense. Our predictions show that there's no way that a fission weapon can just accidentally detonate, especially not after such a long period of time. It is exceedingly difficult to get a sustained reaction...if it was simple to duplicate, we'd have made one of our own by now. If it did somehow 'go off', there would only be a small conventional explosion and an ejection of the remaining fuel. Serious, to be sure, but not catastrophic. Nothing like a fresh blast."  



"But what if our predictions are wrong?"  



Giovanni had started walking to the door of his office, but stopped in mid-stride. He turned to look at her, and Mara winced as she saw another trace of that ruthless heart shining back at her.  



"That's why we're having it studied at Branch Seven and not the main headquarters, my dear."  



The old man left to make a round of the building, and Mara was left sitting in front of Giovanni's desk, suddenly feeling very cold and very ill.  



---------------------  



It had been an hour since the pack 'escaped' from the desert.  



As one went farther north, the hill and highlands gradually shifted into cliffs and mountains. The terrain of northwestern Hoenn was much rougher than the flat, gentle landscape outside of Mauville. As a result, the northern breach in the desert basin walls was much, much longer than the one the little pack had used to enter the desert a week before.  



As dangerous as the desert had been, both human and Pokemon could not help but feel a tinge of claustrophobia as they looked up at the the tall and perfectly steep sides of the rift. There was no way to climb these walls. If they came upon a blockage that they were unable to break or teleport through, they'd have no choice but to turn back...back to the desert. Not a pleasant thought.  



Cacnea was crying again, wailing in a loud and high-pitched tone that echoed through the pass until it sounded like the distorted howl of some vicious predator. The child had started crying as soon as they stepped out of the sand and onto the rocky floor of the pass, as though he knew that the desert was where he belonged.  



(Or maybe he knows it's where his mother is buried,) Slash thought to himself with a twinge of guilt. The sounds of the small creature's sobbing, combined with this cramped and forbidding pathway through the mountains, was rapidly wearing on his nerves. He and his friends were tired and dirty, their rations were running low, and while the cooler air in the pass was a welcome change from the desert's vampiric heat, there was still something...unsettling about it. The air was too cold for early autumn, especially at midday...and while only a sliver of the sky was visible in the narrow mountain pass, it was enough to see that something was profoundly wrong. The sky was a shifting scrim of gray, and yet it didn't have the appearance of a cloud or storm front. Slash had never seen anything like it.  



_Master, do you...do you feel that?_  



He turned to Gardevoir, who had ceased her placating baby talk and was staring out vacantly...or perhaps she was simply seeing things that he could not. He nudged his sensory awareness into life, but what he felt was no different than the usual buzz that the world gave off.  



"I don't know. What is it you're picking up?"  



_There's something in the air...something ominous. I didn't feel it in the desert, but that's likely only because the background aura of that place drowned it out. Out here, it's like...someone's singing a song, and while it's very quiet, it's also very off-key. It's grating. Irritating._  



Slash tried again, extended his progging abilities as far as he could, but his young and immature skills only detected the faint grumbling aura of the stones and soil. "I don't feel anything in particular, Psymakio, but I do feel sort of...on edge. I don't know why, especially when this place seems to be pretty safe. We should be happy to have escaped the desert, but...the further we go in this pass, the more I want to..." He stopped walking, looked behind them---the desert was no longer visible due to the twists and turns of the path, but he could almost feel its presence regardless---and smiled humorlessly. "I almost feel like I want to go back. Like the desert is safer than what lies ahead. Crazy, I know, and I'm not even picking up anything particularly strange, but..."  



_I understand, master. Even after what...what happened there...I feel it, too. I'm not sure if something out here is trying to push my senses away, or if something in the desert is trying to pull me back, but...I'm worried. This feeling reminds of what I sensed right before the morning Maxie attacked the Pokemon Center. Like something terrible is going to happen...not in the immediate future, but soon. Terribly soon._  



"Are you actually pre-cogging, or is this just something that feels similar?"  



_I don't think this is pre-cog. There are too few specifics for it to be pre-cog._  



The pair looked to the other Pokemon, who were staring at their telepathic alphas with a mix of curiosity and awe. "Do any of you guys pick up anything strange?"  



\[There's a weird smell in the air,\] Manectric replied, nose darting back and forth. \[I smelled it near Lavaridge, too...it's like rotten eggs. Faint, but...it's definitely there. And it's disgusting.\]  



"Sulfur," Slash said, suddenly wishing that they could see more than a hairline crack of sky. He now had a good idea of why the sky was such an unusual color and texture. "It must be Mount Chimney. We're still a good distance from it, but we're a lot closer now than we were before crossing the desert."  



\[Should we really be feeling its effects from this far, though? If it's responsible for the sky and the temperature drop, then it hasn't quieted in the past week...if anything, it's cycled up.\]  



Gardevoir turned to Slash, worry in her eyes. _Master...Quiero said that the spread of the veil of the Shadow would cause bad things to happen, ranging from little things to complete catastrophes, and it would only get worse over time. I don't think the volcano's activity is natural...I think it's a symptom of the veil, not the cause._  



Slash leaned against the rocky wall and sighed warily. "You may be right. Volcanoes normally take months, even years to go from detectable activity to a big eruption. We can't be sure until we're out of here and have a better view, but...if this weird sky is due to Chimney, than it's getting worse a lot faster than it's supposed to. Unnaturally faster."  



He pulled out his Pokenav and snapped it open. _What are you doing, master?_  



"I'm looking up any news about the volcano. Wanna see if there's any idea if...or when...it might go off." A few moments later, he frowned and tapped at the keys again, frustrated. "That's odd."  



_What is?_  



"I can't get an internet connection."  



\[Watson said that the communications net for Fallarbor was down,\] Graveler said in an unusually quiet voice, sounding a bit distracted. \[Maybe that's why...hm...\]  



"I don't know. We're still pretty far from Fallarbor, and the internet hubs are separate from the communications grid. It would take something really serious and widespread to bring down both of them. If it's that bad, then..."  



\[Slash, there's something coming. I---watch out!\]  



Everyone jumped as a small tremor shook the pass, sending a dusting of pebbles and dirt from the cliffsides and raining down on top of them. Growlithe barked and jumped to Slash's side; Cacnea grabbed onto Gardevoir and commenced wailing again. The trembling leveled off and vanished after only a few seconds, though both Gardevoir and Graveler could feel the faintest traces of power echoing underground.  



\[Yeah, that,\] Graveler muttered. \[Might be more of them, too. The earth feels alive.\]  



Gardevoir hugged Cacnea to her chest and shushed him with soft chirps, and despite shaking in fear herself, she managed to quiet the little creature down once again. _Master, let's get out of here before we get squashed by a rock slide or something. It is not safe here._  



Slash nodded eagerly, motioning the pack forward again, trying to hide the fact that he was trembling. He had been born far, far away from earthquake country, and while Oldale was occasionally grazed by tropical storms and hurricanes, wind and rain were things he could deal with. They could destroy houses and uproot trees, but at least the ground stayed put. Feeling the ground moving beneath him had violated some fundamental constant of his perception of the world, as firm as up and down. The ground moving so easily just wasn't right.  



_Are you alright, master?_ Gardevoir asked him privately, having heard the direction of his thoughts. She could feel the fear buzzing wildly over their bond, extremely clear and potent despite his attempts to lock it down.  



**I'll be okay. What about you? You come from the same general area as me. You think earthquakes are fucked up as I do?**  



_They frighten me too, master, but I'll be fine as long as you're here._  



**I don't mean to scare you, but I can't protect you from an earthquake, Gardie. If something happens to this pass...**  



_I know. You still make me feel safer, though. We'll be fine._  



Slash smiled and slipped his arm around Gardevoir's waist, fighting off the cold air with their shared warmth. They were both still afraid---she couldn't protect him from an earthquake or rockslide any more than he could---but she was right. The contact made him feel safer anyway, and the feel of her skin on his was enough to drive away his deeper worries. At least for now.  



_The others are afraid, too. Even Graveler. Perhaps you should distract them from thinking about it._  



**Good idea.**  



"So, guys. When we get back to Mauville, you want to fight Watson again? Show him who the real master is?"  



There was a long moment of silence as each Pokemon considered whether to respond to their alpha male or call him crazy for taking his mind off of the deteriorating situation. As another (thankfully smaller) tremor shook the pass, they all decided that it would be better to keep their minds busy until they were out in the open and could accurately assess their predicament.  



\[I think we could beat him next time,\] Growlithe replied, his voice remarkably calm. He let out a small puff of flame as he jumped over a fallen rock, bringing Cacnea back from the land of fear and into the land of smiles. Everyone sighed in relief as the loud cries echoed away into silence. \[We almost did it before, and now the desert's made us all a lot tougher, both in attitude and sheer strength. I mean, I don't know about you guys, but I feel like I can torch a Wailord now! We go back to Mauville once all this is settled, and we'll kick his butt and win that badge, no problem. Maybe I can fight next time and teach his Magneton a thing or two.\]  



Gardevoir shook her head, both in reply and to get a lock of her hair out of Cacnea's restless babbling mouth. _I'm not so sure about that, Growlithe. We're stronger now, yes...and we came close before...but Watson was holding back last time._  



\[What?\] Manectric and Corphish asked simultaneously, looking outraged. Slash smiled as he felt their remaining tension fade away as their egos took the hit. Better to have his pack angry than panicked, he supposed. \[He was not!\]  



_Not against you guys, maybe,_ Gardevoir added quickly, _but he was certainly holding back against me. Maybe not by too much, but...that Rotom...even if I hadn't been a little roughed up by its electric attacks, that Shadow Claw would still have taken me down in one blow. Not even because of the type disadvantage. It was just...too darn strong. Rotom is a lot older and a lot more experienced than any of us are._  



\[But you almost won! You had it on the ropes!\] Corphish grumbled. \[If you had known that it could go through the Gym's wiring, you could have avoided that last attack and it would have had nowhere to run!\]  



_The only reason I was able to last as long as I did was because of the mud trick you two pulled, and Watson will never fall for that one again. Heck, even with the evolving and the powering-up that we've done in the last week, I'll bet that it'll be even harder to win next time._ She clashed her fingers together, pantomiming a battle to Cacnea's amusement. _We'll either need to get a LOT stronger or think up another new and amazing plan, because otherwise...boom!_  



\[BOOM!\], Cacnea gurgled, making her and Slash jump in surprise. The voice had come via telepathy, not the senseless chattering that he'd been making all day. The little cactus bounced about happily in his mother's arms, unaware that he had shocked both of his parents into disbelief.  



"Did he just---"  



_I think so,_ Gardevoir said, smiling prettily, overwhelmed with pride. Slash couldn't stop himself from grinning, either. She had told him that Cacnea would likely begin speaking at a very young age, even before he was old enough to chew his own food or grow spines, but Slash had assumed 'very young' meant months, not days. Then again, considering how much shorter most Pokemon lifespans were, he supposed that it wasn't that odd for some species to develop so quickly.  



The guilt at his foolish deal with the devil rose back up, striking at the excited pride and breaking it into rubble. The thought of short lifespans made him almost physically ill.  



"I didn't know that you made a connection for him," he said quietly, watching the little creature giggle and pull at Gardevoir's hair.  



_I didn't,_ she replied softly, leaning her head against his shoulder, sharing her pride and happiness over their bond to try and quell the strange coldness that had emerged in Slash's heart. _He did. It's the parent-child bond, and he made one to me...and one to you._  



"To me, too?"  



_What, are you surprised? You're his daddy now, after all._  



"I just thought..."  



It occurred to Slash that, despite her very young age, Psymakio had undergone the transition from frightened orphan to caring mother instantly, almost effortlessly, as though it were the role she was born for. Perhaps it was because she lost her own parents at such a young age that she was so caring and nurturing to Cacnea, despite her fear of the Dark creatures that the child would one day become. Slash further realized that while he loved Cacnea and had done his share of caring for him, he was nonetheless nowhere near as close to the child as his mate was. The fact that Cacnea hadn't noticed this lack of connection and created a father-child bond out of blind, clinging instinct only made him feel worse.  



He had promised the child's mother that he would give Cacnea a good life. He had made that promise without hesitation...not unreasonable, considering the circumstances of the infant's birth. But now, trapped in this narrow mountain path, with the sky an ominous gray and the ground shifting under their feet, Slash realized that he had absolutely no idea how to be a good father to this child. He was capable of protecting his pack with his life, yes...he could get them food and find them shelter, sure...but there was something he was missing, some fundamental trait that fathers of all species have. It wasn't love that he was missing...it was a grasp of just how much responsibility raising a child was, irrespective of its species. Whatever bond that Psymakio had with Cacnea, his was lacking in comparison.  



_What's wrong, master? You just thought what?_  



Switching to private telepathy, Slash sighed. **It's just that, compared to you, I'm not really...close to him. You're the one who can make him stop crying, you're the one he waddles over to when he's scared or lonely...you're more of a mother to him than I am a father. Fitting, I guess, all things considered.**  



_Master, that isn't true! You've done a great job taking care of him! And he loves you just as much as me, silly._  



**Then why---**  



_Because I'm his mommy,_ Psymakio interrupted, not needing to prog Slash to know what he was feeling. _You don't need to feel guilty over this, master. The parent-child bond is different for every kind of Pokemon, just like the mating bond is, but...in most cases, it's the father that's gone for most of the day, out hunting and keeping the territory clear of predators, and the mother stays behind to look after the children. The child is usually closer to the mother, at least in an emotional sense, but that doesn't mean that they don't love the father just as much!_  



Slash's eyes drifted to Cacnea, who was still squirming in Gardevoir's arms, clinging to his mother, but what he felt over the immature and narrow bond that the child had created was...love. Equal love, for both of them.  



_My father spent most of the time away from the den, but that didn't mean that he loved us any less than our mother did! He risked his life every day to bring back food and keep us safe. We didn't love him any less for not being there in the den as much...and even though he knew that he was still alive somewhere, it didn't hurt any less when he disappeared._  



Seeing a glimmer of tears in her eyes at the mention of her family, Slash reached out to embrace her, but she stopped him short, intent on speaking her piece before letting any of that happen. _Master, your own father did the same for you, didn't he? Maybe he wasn't there much when you were growing up, but didn't he send you money, keep you and your mother fed and in a safe home?_  



"Yes, but...there are times that I wish I was closer to him, you know. Like it...wasn't enough, even though it was. I don't know."  



Gardevoir nodded. _I understand, but I'm sure that you understand how necessary it was. Cacnea is too young to really understand it yet, but...he's also too young to hold grudges, master. No matter what happens, he will view you as his provider, just as he views me as his protector. And as a pack that travels, instead of one that stays in a den, you'll be around him a lot more than either of our fathers were for us. You don't have to make a choice. If you want to become closer to him, you can; just follow your instincts and it will work out. Perhaps we're both too young to be in this situation, but we can do it if we try. Okay? You're everything to us...my mate and his father._  



Slash was silent for a moment before speaking in a very quiet, very frightened voice. **Psymakio, after what I've done to the both of you, why I do deserve to be either?**  



Understanding dawned on her. _Is that what this is about? You don't have to feel guilty over that anymore. It was life and death, and even if you used powers that...should not have been used...the consequences were the same. Even if you were thinking of your own needs when you did it, you still saved all of us._  



**That sounds an awful lot like justifying what I did with the light instead of the dark. Either way, it wasn't right. My intent was all that mattered---**  



_I don't think it's as simple as that...thing made it out to be, especially since his explanation led to you being deceived so thoroughly. But that is not the point. My point is that you saved our pack, and while you did take his mother's life...to save our own, I might add...you've also vowed to make up for your actions. I don't know if killing them was right or wrong...I don't even know who has the right to judge such a thing....but you have to move beyond that night and do the best you can with what you have now. You won't be able to be the father that you want to be if you're still clinging on to the mistakes of the past. Stop feeling the guilt and I'm sure you can be as close to him as I ever could._  



Slash nodded, conceding to Gardevoir's words, and glanced at the other Pokemon. They were talking amongst themselves, discussing hypothetical battles with Watson, purposely ignoring the serious conversation between the alphas. Both mates valued their discretion.  



**Alright, Psymakio, I'll agree with you on that. Maybe I can become a real father to the kid if I...let go of some of it. But what about you? You're the one who will suffer most due to my...mistake.**  



_I told you already...we'll find some way to save you. I promise. We'll destroy the hourglass, or flip it over, or...I don't know. But I won't let you die, master. I swear it on my duty as your protector that I won't._  



He considered her words quietly. **How can you be so sure that I can be saved? As cruel and twisted as that corrupted god was, I'm the one who agreed to his deal. It was my mistake...regardless of being mislead, I was the one who killed those Cacturne and blanked their souls, and I was the one who nearly killed you through the use of that power. Maybe I deserve this.**  



_Does Cacnea deserve it? Do I?_  



Slash's eyes jumped to hers, full of shock. **What?**  



_Let me tell you something. I swore to you that we'd either save you somehow or die together, right? Well, that was before we adopted this little one. If this was two weeks ago, I could have taken my life to join you in the next world without hesitation! But now, with Cacnea...we can't do that, Slash. I can't kill myself and abandon the poor creature, and I can't live without you. The only other choice is to save your life. Yes, you made a terrible mistake...but just like you've done with Cacnea, you're attempting to atone by staying with me and letting me help you control this Dark Core of yours. Just as you want to be a good father, so too do you want to be a good mate. Whatever mistakes you've made don't matter---those are noble goals, and I will help you fulfill them. And I will make sure that you don't die before you can._  



Gardevoir gently handed Cacnea over to Graveler, managing to keep the small child from crying in the transfer, and put her hands on Slash's shoulders. _Your death wouldn't only hurt me...it would hurt all of us. Maybe the nature of the dark is selfishness, but Slash, maybe you should think of it more like this: there are those of us who love you, and if you try to pull another attempt at a misguided heroic sacrifice, you will hurt us even more than you hurt yourself. I don't think it's selfish to want to live so that others may be happy...because that kind of sounds like a balance of light and dark to me, a balance of self and others, and considering all we've been told by ghosts and gods lately, it seems like a balance is the best solution for all of our problems._  



Slash stared at her for a long moment, absorbing her words, the bond churning with mixed emotions. "I never thought about it like that. This shit's been swirling around in my head for days now, driving me crazy, and you just...find a solution that seems so obvious that I'm embarrassed to be beaten to it." He grinned sheepishly, feeling his worry slip away into nothingness. "Damn, Psymakio, you are one smart lady."  



Flushing a light green and hoping that she would get a chance to further 'comfort' him later, Gardevoir moved her arms around her mate and pulled herself tightly against him. _It is simple, master. Sometimes you get so caught up in wanting to do good that you accidentally forget about others...and sometimes you feel so bad about doing wrong that you forget about yourself. As long as you remember that I love you, and that you neglecting or blaming or hurting yourself will hurt me, I think the whole light-and-dark concept doesn't really matter too much._  



"My beautiful philosopher. Where would I be without you?"  



The two reluctantly parted, turning back to their pack. "Alright, guys, let's get moving. Sooner we get out of here, sooner we'll be able to see just what the heck is going on. Besides, I'm hungry, and I don't want to have our lunch in this place."  



Another light quake sent a rain of sand down upon the group, making them scurry down the pass.  



_Sand in sandwiches is BAD!_ Gardevoir announced loudly, getting Cacnea into another fit of giggles. Slash couldn't help but laugh as well; the ability of his mate to range from incredibly intelligent to ridiculously silly was astonishing. That was why he loved her.  



--------------------  



An hour later, the entire pack was out of the rift and staring up at the sky---or, more specifically, at the gigantic column of ash stretching into the stratosphere.  



Before the pack had entered the desert, they had caught only a brief glimpse of the billowing monster; the mountains had blocked them from the seeing the full extent of it. But now, a hundred miles closer and with a much less obstructed view, they had no such mercy. Stretching from the earth to the heavens was a titanic pillar of ash, narrow at the throat but expanding into a sky-spanning umbrella of churning debris at its highest reaches. Flakes of harsh ash and powder rained down from the sky over an enormous swath of Hoenn, bathing formerly untouched land in a toxic layer of debris. Lightning crackled in the upper reaches of the poisoned sky, giving the vista the appearance of a horror movie.  



As frightening as the sight was, they should have counted themselves fortunate to be so far away from the mountain itself. Chimney was already erupting on a small scale, with avalanches of hot ash and pyroclastic material pouring down its slopes in uneven, unpredictable bursts. Loud explosions had already frightened most of the residents of Lavaridge into evacuating, and while none of the volcano's deadly pyroclastic outbursts had struck the town yet, anyone who had remained was now regretting it; increasingly-large chunks of rock now rained down on the city, breaking glass and causing several severe injuries. And it was only getting worse.  



Ironically, the ash cloud itself, while immense in size and causing a wide range of relatively minor problems over most of the northwest, was not the greatest of Hoenn's concerns. As Slash and his pack watched on, they were unaware of the titanic flows of hot magma underneath the continent, building up enormous pressure within the mountain's core. With the monitors and communications systems down, no one in Hoenn (save perhaps for the packs of Absol fleeing to the east) were aware of just how large and deadly the time bomb was. Coupled with the possibility of the column collapsing and plunging an enormous deluge of superheated gas and rock on whatever shattered remains were left behind after the blast...  



The veil of the Shadow had started to fall.  



----------------------  



"Have you ever seen anything like that in your entire life?" Slash asked in an awed voice. "It's like...a storm coming from the earth instead of the sky. Even without progging it, I can almost taste the power in the air."  



\[All I taste is ash,\] Manectric grumbled. \[And all I smell is that sulfur stuff. Nasty.\]  



"There must be a lot of vents around this region. I bet they don't give off any fumes most of the time, so I doubt they're charted."  



_Master, are we...far enough away? If that thing blows up, will we be alright?_  



Slash turned to Gardevoir, heart dropping at the fearful look in her eyes. "I hate to say it, but...I'm guessing that if we're close enough to be getting rained on by ash, we're close enough to get killed if it explodes."  



\[BOOM!\]  



"Yes, yes, boom."  



_Will we be getting closer to it when we go west?_ Gardevoir asked, only giving the faintest pretense of a smile to Cacnea. Sometimes boom was not a funny thing.  



"Yeah, but not a lot closer. Fallarbor is about thirty miles north of it, but it's separated from the volcano by some pretty tall mountains. That cloud might be dangerous if it collapses, but I'm pretty sure we'll be shielded by the mountains if Chimney erupts. From the lava, at least."  



_Are you sure?_  



"...no. I've never been much of a geology student, Psymakio. All I know about volcanoes is that Chimney is the only one in Hoenn, and it hasn't erupted in like, two hundred years. Considering that it normally only produces enough of a cloud to coat the ashlands, it never seemed like much of a danger." He kicked at the drift of ash at his feet, revealing some sun-starved yellow grass underneath it. "A little volcanic material actually helps the soil...that's why Fallarbor can sustain itself despite being so isolated. But this much ash is suffocating everything. I doubt we'll be able to find much food in the ashlands now...and any standing water is probably contaminated."  



\[Do we have enough supplies to make it?\] Corphish asked. \[I can make more water if I have to, but I still gotta eat to keep myself going.\]  



Slash slung his pack off and checked its contents. The desert had taken its toll on their supplies. "We've only got a few vials of medicine left...and enough food and water to last us to Fallarbor, just barely. But we better hope there's something left standing there, because there's no way we could make it all the way back to Mauville without resupplying, especially if we have to go through the desert again."  



_Again?_ Gardevoir whimpered. _Is there no other way?_  



"Unless we can hitch a ride from a flying Pokemon after the sky clears, or unless you want to take the much, much longer way back through the mountains, no, there isn't. Don't worry, though. We're a lot tougher than we were that first night. If we get more food and water, we should be able to make it back through the desert just fine."  



_Unless we run into one of those hundred-strong packs of Cacturne that Manectric saw._  



\[Hey, I only saw one that big. I doubt they're very common. And even if they are, we---\]  



The ground shaking under their feet cut Manectric off. While still brief, the shock was noticeably stronger than the earlier ones; Slash was thankful that they were out of the mountain pass and away from any falling rocks. "I think we should keep going. We've got plenty of time before nightfall."  



_Does anything...predatory live out here, master?_  



"Don't think so. There are some hardy Pokemon in the ashlands, but I doubt they're any worse than the desert-dwellers. Besides, they're probably all freaked out from the volcano. We'll still shelter up at night, though, just in case. Come on, maybe we can get to the ashlands before sunset." He took a step in the snow-like ash and grimaced. "Though I guess everything up here is ashlands now..."  



The pack didn't get far, though. After walking for ten minutes, they crested a steep, formerly-grassy hill, and were struck speechless for the third time in as many days. This time, however, instead of an ancient and ominous tower, or a sky-scraping pillar of poison, the sight was something far more welcome.  



Below them lay what appeared to be a large, well-organized camp, made of dozens of tents large and small. There were people and Pokemon milling about, hundreds of them, but all had a look of grim, shell-shocked vacancy. Slash had seen those expressions before, when a large hurricane had sent a good number of people from Petalburg to stay in Oldale until their homes could be rebuilt. They didn't look afraid, or panicked, just...distant. Like they'd been driven through an emotional roller-coaster until they'd vomited up their ability to respond.  



_Who are they?_ Gardevoir asked, keeping low in case the people were unfriendly. _I didn't know there was a city here._  



"There isn't. I think they're the people from Fallarbor. Survivors. I guess they fled from the volcano or whatever attacked them. Looks like the camp's been here for at least few days, considering how organized it is. Let's go down and find out what's going on and who's in charge. We might even get a tent to sleep in tonight before we set out for the ashlands."  



_Are you sure we should?_  



Slash nodded. "It's what we came here for, Gardie...to find out just what the hell is going on in Fallarbor. If they can tell us anything, it'll be helpful. Maybe they even know where the Sky Pearl is. There's no harm in asking, in any case. Come on."  



Graveler gave him a curious look. \[Wait a minute. You really want us to just walk on down there?\]  



"Why not? What's to be afraid of?"  



\[That's not it, Slash. Think about it...something clearly chased them out of their town, and whether it was Chimney or some freaky monster battle, they're on edge. You really think they'll take kindly to some guy showing up at their doorstep, coming from the direction of the crazy freaking desert, with a posse of hard-ass Pokemon flanking him? You'll scare them to death.\]  



Gardevoir couldn't help but giggle---other than Graveler himself, none of their pack look particularly ferocious or intimidating. Still, an armed trainer showing up out of nowhere might cause unnecessary trouble. _He's right, master. At best, we'd scare them, and at worst, they might think we're trying to attack or something. Maybe you should Pokeball us...at least until you tell them who you are and why you're here._  



"I can't Pokeball all of you. Cacnea's still too young to understand, and it'd freak him out even if I turned off the sensory protocols. Making his mommy disappear would also be pretty...upsetting."  



\[Just do the normal Kaishakunin-only thing, then,\] Graveler responded. \[Her and the kid shouldn't cause any alarms to go off.\]  



Slash furrowed his brow. "Are you sure? I was kind of getting used to having all of you out and about."  



\[There's going to be times when you've got no choice, Slash. Like when we need to fit through a narrow door or use an elevator or something. We'll be fine. Just leave the sensory thing on so we can keep an eye out and be prepared for any trouble.\]  



"Alright...I guess. I'll turn on the voluntary release option, too, so you can let yourselves out if something crazy happens. See you guys later."  



He reluctantly withdrew all but Gardevoir and Cacnea back into their balls and replaced them on his belt. Cacnea jumped in surprise as his 'big brothers' suddenly vanished, but Gardevoir picked him back up and started comforting him before any tears could start. He was too young to grasp what was happening, so she simply flooded him with reassuring thoughts and whispered comforting words.  



_It's alright, little one. They've just gone to take a nap for a while. They'll be back once we find somewhere to stay, I promise. Now be a good boy and keep quiet while daddy talks to the people down there, okay?_  



"Cac!"  



"He should be old enough to be Pokeball'ed in a few weeks, I think. I'll have to check the Pokedex later. Maybe we can try it when he can say something other than 'boom'."  



\[Boom,\] Cacnea replied defiantly, still looking quite unhappy over the disappearance of his four friends. Slash smiled and hoisted him up, deciding that he should do the carrying for once. He'd have to get in the carrying while he could, before the first set of spines came in.  



The trio headed down the hill towards the apparent entrance to the camp, a gap formed by two very long tents. Two trainers, both barely older than Slash himself, were stationed there. A Linoone and an impressively-large Skarmory stood nearby, keeping a weary eye on the approaching strangers.  



"Stop! Who are you, and what are your intentions?"  



**Gardie, I might do a little truth-stretching, but play along, okay? It's just to make things go more easily than explaining anything about the pearls to these guys.**  



_Yes, master._  



Slash stopped and nodded at the trainer who spoke, raising his hands away from the Pokeballs on his belt to show that he meant no harm. "Relax. My name is Slash Firestorm, and I'm the apprentice of Watson, the Mauville City Gym Leader. I'm here on official business."  



The other trainer looked at his shirt, where two pinned badges glinted dully under the gray sky. "You don't have the badge from Mauville."  



"If I could beat Watson, I wouldn't be his apprentice, would I? He sent me here to investigate the strange activity in Fallarbor that began about a week ago. I assume that you guys are from there?"  



Both trainers eyeballed him, and Slash realized that if they demanded to see any sort of paperwork or actual notification from Watson, he might be in a lot more trouble than if he'd just spent an hour or two explaining about Kiako and the Sky Pearl. Hopefully, though, with no way to contact Mauville to check his references (though he knew that Watson would back him up if it came down to it), they wouldn't bother.  



"Yeah, we're from Fallarbor. We had to flee the city after this big dragon attacked. Hugest Pokemon I ever saw, blew up buildings like they were made of matchsticks! What do you want, to capture it? No trainer could possibly beat that thing."  



"No, no," Slash replied honestly. Anything powerful enough to rip apart a city was not something that he had any interest in fighting. "I'm here to find out the cause of the violent activity and help get it under control. Do you guys have a leader I can speak to? A mayor or something?"  



"Yeah, old Saibara. Since the mayor was killed by the dragon, he's in charge now. You'll find him in the big red tent over there." The Skarmory-wielding trainer gave a long look at Gardevoir. "Kind of a girly-looking thing to have as your Kaishakunin, ain't she?"  



Gardevoir had a sudden premonition that these guys were going to make some crack about her and Slash, and he would lose it and attack them just as he had in Mauville. Her mate had done some growing up since then---his ability to deceive the Aquas showed that he could take some abuse if it meant getting results---but if either of the trainers went too far? Could he use the Dark Core against human souls, too? She had no desire to find out.  



"You ever watch one of Watson's fights? She stood her ground against his strongest Pokemon, one that he had never used in a fight before. Even without knowing its type, its attacks, or its weaknesses, she was able to smack it around like a pro. A girl she may be, but a weakling she is not."  



To Gardevoir's relief, the trainer simply nodded in understanding and motioned for them to pass. Slash noticed her reaction over the bond and asked her about it as they walked through the camp towards the leader's tent.  



_I just thought that they were going to say something about us, master. Like the men outside of Mauville._  



**Why would you think that?**  



_They just...they carried themselves like they did. Tough, cocky young guys who have a bit of an attitude, you know?_  



Slash chuckled. **They weren't really that cocky. Just a little full of themselves at the thought of being the official camp guards or whatever. That's not threat-talk, Psymakio, it's just guy-talk.**  



_I see. Good, then._  



**Still, good that you reminded me about that. No romantic gestures in the camp, even if we think we're alone. Can't be too careful, especially around...well, Fallarbor has a reputation for being kind of...backwoods-hick. Very old-fashioned, and predominantly Jirachian, even more so than the general population. While the guards not saying anything is a good sign, I don't want to risk raising any flags, okay?**  



Gardevoir nodded. _I understand. Don't forget that I can't link you to any Pokemon without risking them detecting our bond, either. I can talk to them on my own, but...you can't talk to them. I'll just have to translate if it's necessary._  



**Got it. Okay, just play it cool and keep Cacnea happy.**  



Slash opened the flap of the tent and peeked into the darkness. "Uh...is anyone in here?"  



"Who is it?" a grumpy voice asked. "What's wrong?"  



The young man stepped into the tent slowly, followed by Gardevoir, who took Cacnea from Slash's arms and did her best to keep the little one occupied and distracted with a sort of telepathic peek-a-boo. It seemed to work, as Slash could hear the two of them giggling inside their shared bond. After all the fear and crying today, the mingled laughter was a very welcome sound.  



An elderly man sat in the back of the tent, surrounded by stacks of papers and a half dozen Pokeballs. Slash sent a tentative progging probe at the man's mind, and while he didn't read much (certainly not the easy mind-reading that he'd experienced with Watson; strangers were much more difficult to prog), he could sense a great deal of stress, worry, and impatience. "Well? Speak up!"  



"Nothing's wrong, sir. I'm Slash Firestorm, Watson's apprentice and sent on assignment to Fallarbor. My orders are to render assistance in securing the town from whatever is attacking it. I presume that you are Saibara?"  



"You can dispense with the bullcrap, son. You're not Watson's apprentice."  



Slash's eyes widened at the unexpected accusation, but he managed to keep most of his reaction to himself. "What makes you say that?" he asked nonchalantly, though he was ready to grab his Pokeballs if an attack appeared imminent.  



"You don't carry yourself like a Gym Leader's apprentice. Too uncertain of yourself, too hesitant. You're also a pretty poor liar in general. A real apprentice would have just walked right in here and stated his business, not timidly stuck his head in like some diplomat. Besides, I've never heard of Watson taking on any apprentices during his life."  



"You know him?"  



"No, but I keep an eye on the news. Just because we live out in the country doesn't mean that we don't have television, you know." The old man sighed and shook his head. "At least, we used to. In any case, yes, I am Saibara, and I'm in charge of this camp...and I suppose Fallarbor as well, though I doubt anything will be left when we return. Now, what's your real name?"  



Slash bowed slightly and motioned for Gardevoir to sit next to him on the floor. "My name really is Slash Firestorm, sir, and I really am a friend of Watson. He's even the one who sent me here. But I'm not his apprentice. I've come to investigate what's happening in your town...because we want to help, and because me and my team are looking for something, and we have reason to believe that it might be in Fallarbor."  



Saibara regarded him closely for a moment, staring at Slash's face until the trainer was fidgeting uncomfortably. "Sorry, kid. I was just wondering if you were one of them."  



"One of who?"  



"Team Aqua."  



Slash felt the bolt of panic coming from Gardevoir, but he silently urged her to be silent and continue tending to Cacnea. What did this man know? "Why would you think I'm one of them?"  



"Because they showed up in Fallarbor right before the dragon attacked."  



The trainer let out a quiet sigh of relief and scooted closer to the cluttered workplace around Saibara. "I think you better start from the beginning, if you don't mind. I'd hear what you have to say, and I don't want to miss any details. Pursuing Team Aqua is another...hobby of mine, I guess you could say. So was pursuing Team Magma before Watson wiped them out."  



"Really? All right then, I'll tell you what I know. About a week ago, Mount Chimney's volcanic activity began to drastically increase. All of our monitors showed a rapidly increasing rise in magma levels, internal pressure, and seismic activity...very bad signs when one is living under a volcano's shadow. The ashfall was much higher than normal, though not nearly as bad as it is now. The sensors all conked out a few hours later, but when we sent up some repair teams, we learned that toxic gases have been springing up from vents all over the mountain range, making most of the higher elevations impassible for all but the strongest Poison types. Birds have been falling dead from the skies all week, so I'd guess that the sky's flooded with it, too."  



"Do you think it could descend to ground level?" Slash asked, trying hard not to visualize how utterly unstoppable and deadly such an event would be. There would be nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.  



"I doubt it will...there have been smaller gas leaks before, and they never bothered us down in Fallarbor even though the town is in a valley. I'm more concerned about the ash column collapsing, myself, because it's a lot more likely than an explosion or lava eruption. If that thing goes, everything from here to Lavaridge, maybe even to Mauville, will be buried under tons of superheated rock and glass.  



"Delightful."  



Saibara smiled humorlessly. "There's nothing we can do about that, though, and this camp should be far enough away to give us some protection from the worst of it. Let's focus on what we _can_ influence, instead."  



Slash nodded in agreement, deciding to keep the concept of the 'veil of the Shadow' to himself, at least for now. Even with volcanoes suddenly stirring and dragons attacking, he doubted that anyone would believe such a fantastic idea. Besides, he wasn't even sure if quelling the dragon and erasing the nexus of darkness would stop the volcano, at least not at this point.  



"The same day that Chimney began acting up, Team Aqua showed up at Fallarbor. Needless to say, we expected the worst...with the town panicking over the volcano and the power grid already starting to fail from the ashfall, we were very vulnerable, and since Magma was destroyed...those bastards have been spreading over their former territory like a plague."  



"How many Aquas were there?"  



"As far as I know, all of them. Hundreds of them. If they had wanted to attack us, we would have been wiped out...with no Gym in Fallarbor, we don't have many strong trainers in our population. Thankfully, though, they weren't there to fight. Their leader, a big guy named Archie, went to our mayor and told him that the Aquas had come to slay a mighty dragon that would soon be arriving at our city. He refused to say why he thought this dragon would attack us, and our mayor was extremely skeptical, but any doubts on our part vanished when the damn thing actually arrived."  



"What did this dragon look like?"  



"Like no Pokemon I've ever seen before. It was a huge creature, maybe a hundred feet long. It flew, but had no wings...it twisted its way through the air like a worm. It came from the sky, glowing green and gold, flying through the ashes with no visible difficulty. With no warning, it began attacking the town in a mindless rage, clawing through buildings and blasting fiery holes everywhere. Within minutes, half of the town was ripped apart, dozens dead, and yet the beast still kept firing its Hyper Beams into the rubble. It didn't seem to be specifically targeting people, though...it focused on the buildings, and only attacked those who were in its way or tried fighting back."  



Slash glanced discreetly at Gardevoir. **You have any idea what it could be?**  



_No, master. I've never heard of anything like that. From how powerful he makes it sound, I'd guess that it's a Great One...though why it's attacking humans, I have no idea. Great Ones don't harm anyone unless they have a very good reason._  



The trainer nodded. "Saibara? Did anything else unusual happen before the dragon attacked? Anything that might have drawn it to Fallarbor?"  



"Not that we know of. The only weird thing that I can think of was the mayor's daughter going missing right around time that the Aquas arrived. The mayor was organizing a search when the dragon attacked...that was how he died, killed in the crossfire. I don't know if the Aquas had anything to do with her disappearance, but...when it became clear that we would be slaughtered if we stayed in town, Archie told us to flee across the ashlands, and that the Aquas would handle the beast themselves. He even promised to look for the girl, despite us not asking him to do so. This wouldn't seem too strange to me if I didn't know what a brutal man Archie is. I doubt that he cared any more for her safety than he came to Fallarbor for purely protective reasons."  



"Is there anything special about this girl, other than her being the mayor's daughter?"  



"She was a bit of a strange one...her father, too. Their family had served as the protectors of Fallarbor for hundreds of years, though I'm not sure what exactly they protected us from. The mayor was very nature-loving, and he would often take his daughter on trips into the mountains for days at a time, even when the ashfall was bad. Sometimes they would come back and claim that they saw legendary Pokemon nesting in the mountains...maybe they did, I don't know. But I doubt they had anything to do with the dragon."  



There was a long moment of silence as Slash absorbed all of this information. Protectors? "I don't suppose that you ever saw either of them carrying a small, gemlike stone, did you? It would be about the size of a tennis ball."  



"No, I don't think so. Why?"  



"One of the reasons my team came up here is to find a gem called the Sky Pearl. When we heard that some of your town's Psychic Pokemon had progged the dragon's mind and discovered that it was after a small green sphere, we hoped that we'd located what we were searching for. If the mayor and his daughter were protecting it, all of this crazy stuff might make a bit of sense."  



"I'm not saying that they didn't have it, Slash, I'm just saying that I don't know if they did. Me and the mayor weren't close friends or anything. The only reason that I'm the leader of the survivors here is because I used to be the town's Gym Leader, back before the League cut the number of Gyms down to eight."  



Saibara looked out the window cut into the tent wall, staring at the huge ash column that draped the entire southwest sky. "You said the Pearl was only one of the reasons you came here. What else are you after?"  



"I'm also tracking a very dangerous criminal. Guy goes by the name of Kiako Sensiari, and he's responsible for the deaths of several people, among other crimes. He looks a little older than me, long black hair, red eyes---"  



"Red?"  



"Yeah. If you saw him, you'd know it. He doesn't seem...normal. He almost killed me once."  



"I'm sorry, but I've never seen anyone like that, either. Team Aqua's goons were the only strange visitors in Fallarbor at the time of the attack. No one like that has been to this camp, either. All I can tell you is that if he's in the area, he'll have to be on foot. The poison's preventing any flying Pokemon from going over a couple hundred feet, and since most of the mountains go way higher than that...he'd have to stick to the passes, just as we do."  



_That's good, at least,_ Gardevoir said quietly. _The longer it takes for us to confront him, the stronger we'll be. Hopefully he'll be worn down from traveling on foot, too. If he's slowed down enough, we might even be able to beat him to the Pearl._  



**Assuming this dragon thing doesn't find it, first,** Slash replied. "Saibara, was the dragon the only unusual Pokemon that arrived in Fallarbor?"  



The old man nodded. "Yeah. Why do you ask?"  



"It's just that we have...reason to believe that another powerful Pokemon might be headed to Fallarbor to stop the dragon. It might even be there already."  



"Great, another mysterious Pokemon, just what we need. What's this one supposed to be?"  



"We think it's Rayquaza, the sky dragon from the legends. Sounds crazy, I know, but..."  



"After what's happened in the past week, nothing seems too crazy anymore," Saibara muttered. "There was no sign of a second legendary Pokemon, but honestly, the descriptions of Rayquaza almost match the dragon that attacked us. Maybe you made a mistake and it's Rayquaza who's gone berserk."  



_That can't be right, master. Quiero said that Rayquaza is nearing death, due to some monster stealing his heart. Whatever is attacking Fallarbor, it can't be him._  



**I don't think we can get many more answers here, Gardie. No one has ever seen Rayquaza before, not in person...at least not for a long, long time...and this dragon doesn't sound like any Great One that I've ever heard of.**  



Slash climbed to his feet, followed by Gardevoir. Cacnea had fallen into a light sleep from listening to all the hushed conversation, snoozing softly in his mother's arms. "Thanks for telling us all of this, Saibara. We're grateful."  



"It doesn't sound like you got anything useful out of it, though."  



"Yes we did. Now we've confirmed that some sort of monstrous Pokemon really is attacking Fallarbor, and we've also learned that Team Aqua might be responsible in some way for its attack on your town. That doesn't get us any closer to the Sky Pearl, or to Kiako, but...we'll be moving on to Fallarbor anyway. If we can help stop either of them, we will." Slash motioned to the sleeping cactus in Gardevoir's embrace, smiling a little at the adorable sight. "Is there anywhere that we can stay tonight? I'd like to keep traveling, but with the little one around we can't push ourselves as hard as we used to."  



"I can find you a tent, no problem. We have plenty of food, though it's pretty much all dried vegetables and smoked meat. Nothing too appetizing."  



"After spending a week eating trainer rations in the desert, anything else would be a welcome change. I'm sure my Pokemon are bored of having the same stuff every day, too. How long can you guys stay out here?"  



"A couple more weeks, assuming Chimney doesn't get us. We're pretty well stocked, and we're rationing as best as we can, but...if we don't get resupplied soon, we're going to have to start hunting Pokemon from the desert. It's a long walk there and back, and from what I've heard, the critters there are pretty damn tough. Would you say so?"  



"I'd definitely say so," Slash replied as calmly as he could, fighting the feeling of his stomach churning at the thought of killing and eating wild Pokemon. While Gardevoir and the others didn't seem to have a problem with it---at least if there was no other choice---he doubted that he'd ever be able to eat anything other than the farm-raised, old-age meat unless on the brink of starvation. Farm-meat was tough and stringy, sure, but at least the Pokemon weren't killed for it. "I had a particularly bad encounter with a pack of Cacturne. Why don't you just hunt the ashlands? It's a lot closer."  



"Normally the ashlands are great hunting grounds, but the volcanic activity's made it too dangerous. Even if we were willing to chance it, most of the Pokemon have moved deeper in the northern mountains, which are too steep for us to climb with only the equipment we've got here. With the ashfall killing off all the plantlife, there's just nothing there for us anymore. The fumaroles opening up aren't helping either. You be careful when you try to cross the pass. It's a total war zone, even excluding the Aquas and dragon in Fallarbor." The old man stood up, cracked his back, and motioned for them to follow. "Well, let's go ahead and find you somewhere to stay tonight. I'll point out the mess tents on the way."  



The small group exited the tent, plunging themselves back into the much colder, tainted autumn air. The ash was piling up high enough that some people appeared to be tasked with pushing it away from the intersections and entrances of the tent clusters as though it were snow. Unlike snow, however, the ash was harsh and gritty, more like sand. Gardevoir found herself coughing painfully when she inhaled too deeply, and noticed a good deal of the Fallarbor survivors wore handkerchiefs over their mouths and noses.  



_This is unbearable, master. How are we going to make it to Fallarbor if the ashlands are even worse than here?_  



"We'll be okay," Slash replied, feeling no need to keep this sort of talk telepathic. "I have a feeling Graveler will be alright without any protection...probably Cacnea, too, considering that he's a desert-dweller and used to dust and sand in the air. I can cut out some strips of blanket for me and you to wear. Growlithe and Manectric...we'll have to see how well they can cope with it. Can you make shields for them, like you did in the desert?"  



Gardevoir focused her power and made a small shield in front of her mouth to test it. _I can, but it'll take more power than blocking sand. This ash is...sharp, coarse. It's harder to deflect. I can manage it, but it'll drain me a good deal more than before._  



"I'd like to have them out and about so they can smell any nearby fumaroles, but if you start getting tired, I'll put them back in their balls. Don't worry about it."  



Saibara pointed at a trio of long green tents with a fair number of people going in and out of their flapped doors. "Those are the mess tents. Like I said, we don't have to worry about running out for a couple weeks, but that doesn't mean that we can waste any. Take what you need, but eat what you take."  



"Got it."  



"That tent over there is our makeshift chapel. Not very cozy, I know, but considering the atmospheric circumstances, I guess you won't mind praying in the dark before setting off tomorrow. I know that I've been saying a few extra prayers since the tremors started."  



Slash forced a smile, feeling a little awkward and hoping that the old man wouldn't notice this lie as easily as he had called him out about being Watson's apprentice. "Yeah, it'll be fine. We're not too picky."  



As the trio continued through the camp, Gardevoir sent Slash a little mental smile. _At least he didn't mention any witch hunts, master._  



He responded with a silent pulse of protective-laced affection, and was about to give her a phantom kiss when he noticed a Lunatone floating behind a trainer only a few yards away. He stopped, uncertain. Saibara's mention of the chapel had reminded him that there were eyes all around this place, and some could even see what most could not.  



_You don't have to worry, master. The energy you use to...touch me...it's not strong enough to be noticeable, even to Psychic Pokemon. The background energy drowns it out._  



**Are you sure?**  



_Positive. Even if we made love here, only really-attuned and close-by Psychics would notice my latent energy. Well, Dark-type predators could, too, but these don't seem like the kind of people to use them._ Gardevoir shot Slash a sly and conspiratory smile, blushing faintly as an idea occurred to her. _You know, I think you might be able to suppress or cancel out my latent energy with your dark-progging, if we experimented with it a little and got the frequencies matched. We'd have to wait until we got to an isolated and safe place before we could practice, but...it might be fun to try._  



Swallowing his nervousness, Slash gave her a small, invisible kiss right on the lips. He was amazed to find that he could feel them through the phantom touch, sweet and soft and delicate, and despite his weariness and fear he found himself aching to taste her directly. When it came to his mate, even an erupting volcano seemed incapable of turning him off. **Once this mess is over, Psymakio, I'll be glad to do some experimenting with you. It's been too long since we...heh.**  



_It's only been a few days...but yes, it has been too long. I'm getting a little impatient, too._ Her pale flush deepened to emerald as she made a quiet confession: _Talking about this, out here with all these people around...it makes me feel kind of...excited. Silly, I know...and pretty stupid, considering our situation...it just seems so naughty._  



**Don't worry, I feel the same way,** Slash replied, kissing her one last time through their bond. **We just have to fight the urges to...reconnect...until we're away from here.**  



"Here you are," Saibara said, motioning to a tent, blessedly unaware of the intimate conversation between the two. "Should be big enough for you and your Pokemon, unless you got any really big ones. Just be sure to clean it up before you leave tomorrow, in case we get any more survivors. I doubt we will, but...I hope we do. Our last head count came up over three hundred short. That's a quarter of our town's population. If that many people have died...our town is finished, even if the volcano settles down and we're able to rebuild. If you see anyone during your journey to Fallarbor, let them know about the camp. And if you're somehow able to send a signal to the outside...let them know we're here."  



"I will. And I promise that I'll do whatever I can to stop the monster and Team Aqua."  



"Keep an eye out for the mayor's daughter, too. Realistically, she's probably been killed, but...her family has been leading Fallarbor for a very, very long time. She's too young to lead now, but...it's her family's right to lead these people, not mine. I'm just a poor replacement. Besides...if Team Aqua was serious about wanting to help her...they must have some motive behind it, and I doubt it to be noble."  



"What does she look like?"  



"Ten...maybe eleven, I forget when her birthday is. Blond hair, thin little thing. Her name is Katarina. If she is alive...even in times such as these, Jirachi can work miracles...I doubt you'd be able to miss her. Other than the Aquas, I doubt anyone else is in the ruins of Fallarbor now."  



Slash nodded, though he was personally guessing that anyone left behind in the city, whether child or Aqua, was dead by now. The only person that could possibly survive in such a hellish war zone would be Kiako...though he highly doubted that even his pack could match the power of a Great One. Slash shook Saibara's hand, forcing a hopeful smile, and slipped into the dark tent with his mate and sleeping son.  



The old man was right---it was big enough for his pack, though it would be crowded. But after a week of sleeping in hard-floored, claustrophobia-inducing caves, Slash was not about to complain. He pulled out his Pokeballs and released the his Pokemon, who looked pleased to be out and about, but disturbed by what they'd heard.  



\[You know, I almost wish you'd put us in locked stasis,\] Growlithe whimpered, visibly shaking in the cold, musty air of the tent. \[Suddenly earthquakes and volcanoes don't seem so scary anymore. A dragon capable of wiping out an entire city? Possibly even a Great One, and most assuredly insane? Slash, how the heck are we supposed to stop that thing?\]  



"Relax, guys. Sit down and get settled. I'll go grab us something from the mess tent and then we'll talk while we eat."  



Slash turned to the tent flap, but didn't make it two steps before he felt a surge of fear from Gardevoir. "What's wrong?"  



_Nothing. Well, not nothing, but...we can talk about it later. Just hurry back, okay? Growlithe's not the only one who's got a bad feeling about this._  



"I'll only be gone for a minute, Gardie, I promise. Get out some blankets and make a little bed for Cacnea while I'm out, alright? It'll help take your mind off of it."  



_Yes, master._  



But as her mate walked away, his mental presence fading with each step that he took away from her, Gardevoir was no longer able to hold back her shivers. Something was wrong. Something other than the volcano and earthquakes and the dragon. There was a foul aura in the air, strange and powerful, and it swirled through her psychic senses like a malevolent fog. It was almost aware, almost sentient, but the fact that it was only half-conscious is what made Gardevoir tremble so. It had been there in the desert, but there it had been vague and diffuse, barely able to be detected (though its influence on her and Slash was apparently unimpeded). But now...it crawled over her skin like a swarm of invisible spiders, creeping through her mind like a sickness.  



Was this the veil of the Shadow?  



Was this how it felt? Was it really this powerful, even miles away from the source?  



Gardevoir idly wondered if there had been a disproportionately large number of thefts or fights among the survivors in the camp...or any murders. She could feel the influence of the dark curtain on her powers, making her normally silk-smooth control of her energy clumsy and stupid. Even in a resting state, she was leaking bits and pieces of power. While it wasn't enough to make a visible impact in her ability to fight---at least, not yet---the natural regeneration of her energy had slowed to pre-desert levels. Not a good sign.  



She held out her arms and glanced over her body, fearing that she would be able to actually _see_ the strange aura on her skin, but there was nothing. Nothing but the last trace of a scar on her arm. That in itself was a little strange; her species had a high healing factor, and typically only truly dire wounds left any permanent marks. While the attack that had caused it---Rotom's devastating Shadow Claw---had been very powerful, she didn't think that the damage was grave enough to scar her. Not under normal conditions.  



\[Are you alright, Gardevoir?\]  



Manectric plopped himself down in the back corner of the tent, trying to keep his nose away from the entrance and the smells of sulfur and ash; the other Pokemon had taken up the other corners. Graveler had set up a bed for Cacnea against the back wall of the tent, apparently having noticed that Gardevoir was too distracted to do it herself. She couldn't help but smile at their unconscious positioning around her---forming a defensive circle to protect her and the baby from any danger that might come through the door. It reminded her of her family.  



"Yes, Manectric, I'm fine. I don't suppose you guys feel anything...unusual?"  



\[Other than pissing ourselves at the thoughts of crazy Great Ones and giant volcanoes blowing us up, no, we're fine,\] Growlithe whined, scenting the tent air nervously. \[Are you sensing something?\]  



_Yes, but I want to wait until---_  



Slash came back through the door, a few bags of dried meat and vegetables in his arms. Seeing that Gardevoir's worry had spread to all of the Pokemon, he placed the bags in the center of their circle and sat down beside his mate, taking her hand into his. That much, at least, he could do. "Alright, what is it that's bugging all of you?  



Gardevoir leaned over and carefully laid Cacnea in the makeshift bed, managing to do so without waking him. While he was likely still too young to understand the nature of this conversation, she did not want to risk frightening him again. _Do you really not feel it, master? Even as strong as it's become now? Try._  



"What am I looking for?"  



_You'll know it if you find it. Just prog._  



Slash closed his eyes and extended his senses, but still he could not detect anything unusual, let alone frightening. "I'm sorry, Psymakio, but I'm just picking up the background stuff. I'm not very good at this."  



A thought occurred to Gardevoir. While she could indeed sense some of the ominous aura, she felt as though what she was detecting was merely the tip of the iceberg...that most of the veil's power lay beyond her range of awareness, in the dark range of the spiritual spectrum. _Try using your dark-progging instead, master. Maybe you'll have a bit more luck._  



"Are you sure?"  



_Your progging has never harmed me before, and I promised I'd tell you if I feel any pain. Just give it a try._  



Careful to draw his power from his own dark heart and not the tremendously powerful Dark Core that now slept within him, Slash threw out his senses. What he saw shocked and terrified him.  



While Gardevoir had not been able to visibly see the veil's black tendrils creeping across her mind and body, he was, and looking at it through dark-tinted eyes made the darkness appear to be as real as the world in front of him. All across his mate's body, across the Pokemon...and particularly dense on he and Cacnea...was a disgusting, thick-stringed tangle of webbing, so dark that the strands appeared more like anti-existence than any actual color. The web covered the tent walls, the floor, and a quick peak out the door showed that it coated every inch of the camp, as well. And the on the mountains. And in the sky.  



"Holy fuck...it's **everywhere**, Gardie, fucking everywhere!"  



_What do you see?_  



"It's like a spiderweb...black and gooey and...it's on everything, even us. There are even specks of it in the air, almost like the ash. And the strands of the web are...moving. Creeping sluggishly. It's almost like it's alive. What the hell is it?"  



_I think it's what Quiero called the veil of the Shadow. The aura of evil coming from Fallarbor._  



Slash's stomach lurched at the thought of the evil power actually touching him, covering him. He quickly turned off his dark-progging before he threw up. Seeing it everywhere, on everything and **everyone**, looking so real and knowing that, on some level, it was a living thing...it was vile. He pushed the bags of food closer to the Pokemon, stifling a groan. "You guys go ahead and eat. I think I've lost my appetite."  



\[Come on, Slash, you've got to eat,\] Corphish said, skittering over to the food and plucking a chunk of meat with his sharp little claws. \[You don't want to pass out from hunger in the damn ashlands, do you? After making it through the desert? It'd be pretty embarrassing.\]  



"Maybe I'll have some later. The meat makes me queasy enough as it is."  



\[You've gobbled the stuff down before.\]  



"That was farm-raised meat from Pokemon who died of age, not ones that were hunted and killed. I don't intend to eat the latter unless I've got absolutely no choice. Besides, right now I doubt I could eat anything."  



Gardevoir's eyes softened as she felt just how deeply the sight of the veil had affected him. _It was that bad, huh? Now I'm glad that I can't see it...just progging it is creepy enough for me. Are you all right? Really?_  



"I'll be okay, Psymakio. Just being next to you is making me feel a little better already. While I can't see much when I prog normally, you...you look like a glowing ball of light to my senses. It must be because you're my mate and it's easier to read you. It's...comforting."  



The girl leaned over and kissed him on the cheek, the first time that her lips had directly touched his skin since they arrived at the camp. Slash couldn't help but turn red as all the other Pokemon forgot their worry for a moment and grinned at him, sending various mental 'thumbs up' of approval. Even if they didn't care about seeing them kiss (hell, from what Gardevoir had told him, they wouldn't have batted an eye even if the two of them coupled in front of them, though neither he nor her had any desire to do that), it still felt awkward. Awkward, though, was better than nauseous.  



"All right then, let's talk about something else...like what we're going to be up against in a day or two." Slash pulled out his Pokenav and activated the map; while the loss of internet connection made GPS impossible to use, he could guess their general location simply by the scenery. "We're only about thirty miles from Fallarbor. If we travel hard, we can be there by tomorrow night, but...I'd rather come upon the city during daylight, so we don't get surprised by the dragon."  



\[What about Team Aqua?\] Graveler asked. \[From what we heard, it sounds like they're responsible for luring the dragon to Fallarbor in the first place. At the very least, they're trying to catch it, and it would be very bad if they succeeded. Don't we want to avoid their notice?\]  



"There's no reason to. I'm one of them, remember? We might be able to go right up to them and ask what they're doing and what their plans are. If we can't find a way to stop the dragon ourselves, we might even be able to use them to take it down. We wouldn't let them capture it, of course...if I have to blow my cover to prevent that, so be it...but I have no qualms over using them to accomplish our goals."  



Manectric's eyes widened. \[Your cover might already be blown, Slash. What if they had someone undercover here who heard you trashing them to Saibara?\]  



\[I doubt it,\] Graveler rumbled. \[Communications are down, remember? Even if someone did hear, they'd have to go all the way to Fallarbor to tell them, dealing with the border guards and all the fun stuff in the ashlands. Besides, it sounds like they've got bigger problems to deal with.\]  



_Master, I thought that Rayquaza was supposed to be in Fallarbor, too, trying to stop the dragon and get its heart back. And if he was there, Team Aqua would be no threat whatsoever. Why didn't he show up?_  



Slash thought for a moment. "I don't know. Maybe he was too weak to make it there. I'm not sure what Quiero meant by Rayquaza's heart being stolen...it can't literally be his physical heart, right? Even the Great Ones are mortal, just a lot closer to immortal than we are. It must be a source of power or something similar."  



\[Do you think it's the Sky Pearl?\] Corphish asked. \[Rayquaza is supposed to be the Lord of the Sky. It would make since that his powers are connected to the Pearl somehow.\]  



"I doubt it. From what I gather, the dragon hasn't found what it's looking for yet, but Rayquaza is already weakened and dying. Besides, weren't the Pearls made by the wish to seal away the Shadow? Rayquaza was alive before that happened."  



_Perhaps the Pearls already existed, and were merely incorporated into the whole unsealing method. That might make more sense, actually...if the Sky Pearl is a power source for Rayquaza, it might be that the Fire and Sea Pearls are power sources for Groudon and Kyogre...or at least, they were. Maybe the Aquas and Magmas made a mistake and the Orbs and Pearls are the same things._  



"It still wouldn't explain why Rayquaza's been weakened when the dragon hasn't found the Pearl, though. Even if the Pearls are linked to the three Lords somehow, I don't think that the Sky Pearl is the heart Quiero meant."  



The pack sat silently for a moment, pondering the possibilities. There was so little that they knew, and so much that they did not, that it was hard to even venture a guess as to what was going on in Fallarbor. Gardevoir played back Slash's conversation with Saibara in her head, trying to see if they'd missed anything.  



_What about the missing little girl and her father?_  



"What about them?"  



_Saibara said that their family served as protectors of Fallarbor for a long time, but he didn't know what they protected. Perhaps they guard the Pearl, the heart, or both. Is there anything important about the city that you know of, master? Shrines, temples, ruins? Anything else that they could have been guarding?_  



"Not really. The town is very old, but it was never very populated or influential. Its isolation makes it difficult to get to, even when the volcano isn't going nuts. Hell, it's so far away from the rest of civilization, and in such a precarious part of the continent, that some people wondered how it got founded in the first place."  



Slash glanced back at his Pokenav's map, examining the regions around the city. "The only thing even remotely interesting around Fallarbor is Meteor Cave, and it's nearly fifty miles from the town. I suppose that place might have some secrets in it, but then why would the dragon be attacking the city instead of the cave?" He replaced the device in his pack and hesitantly palmed a dried apple from the pile of food, hoping that he could keep it down. "All of this speculating isn't getting us anywhere. Maybe the girl does have something to do with it...her disappearance did coincide with both the Aquas arriving and the dragon attack...but we've got no way of knowing how or why she'd be related to it. All we can do is go there and find out for ourselves."  



\[What about Kiako?\] Manectric asked, bringing up the one topic they'd all tried to avoid. \[He's sure to be going after the Pearl, too. Perhaps he found some way to lure the dragon to Fallarbor, and is watching it to find out where the Pearl is hidden.\]  



"Why would the Aquas have advanced knowledge of its arrival, though?"  



\[Maybe he told them about it and they're working together.\]  



Gardevoir shook her head vehemently. Other than Cacnea, Manectric had been the only member of their pack to never come face-to-face with Kiako, and so he had no real inkling of just how brutal he was. _Kiako killed two Aquas in Slateport without a moment's hesitation...not because they were any threat, but just because they were in his way. Archie seems to want Kiako's head for that, so I highly doubt there's any coordination between the two. It'd be more likely that the Aquas stumbled upon a way to lure the dragon to Fallarbor, and Kiako's hiding somewhere and watching as it rips the city apart for the Pearl. Maybe he was even the monster that stole Rayquaza's heart...though that still wouldn't explain the dragon and Team Aqua being there. Perhaps not._  



"We're not even sure that Kiako is in Fallarbor yet, but even if he is, there's a possibility that he's going to come in conflict with the dragon whether he wants to or not. Is there any chance that he could defeat a Great One? Even with Pokemon as powerful as his?"  



_No. No normal Pokemon could ever hope to defeat a Great One. I doubt that even all of Team Aqua could take one down._  



"What about Rayquaza? If he's weakened from his heart being stolen, do you think the humans or the dragon could defeat him?"  



_Rayquaza is a Grandfather...a Great One who is more-or-less immortal, the only one of his kind. His power dwarfs that of most other creatures, even the typical Great Ones who do reproduce. Unless this dragon is a Grandfather too, it's unlikely that it could defeat even a badly weakened Rayquaza. It would be like you punching out Kiako's Aggron._  



Graveler sighed and pawed at the dirt floor of the tent. \[Okay, we're going around in circles again. We need to focus on the few things we ARE sure of. We know that Kiako will be in Fallarbor, if he isn't already, though his involvement with Rayquaza's heart is unknown. We know that Team Aqua was there right before the dragon attack, though we're not sure if they've defeated the dragon, fled, or have been wiped out themselves, nor if they're somehow to blame for its arrival. We know that some kid is missing, and while her family protected something in Fallarbor, we don't know what that something is. We know that the Sky Pearl is there---\]  



"Actually, that's another thing that we're not sure of," Slash corrected. "The Psychic Pokemon that progged the dragon read that it's after a small, green object, which matches the description of the Sky Pearl...but we're not sure if that's really what it's after. Quiero never confirmed that Fallarbor is the location of the Pearl, only that it's where the nexus of the veil of the Shadow is. For all we know, the Pearl has nothing to do with this, and Kiako and us are both getting involved in some quarrel between gods and Team Aqua is just trying to capitalize."  



\[Now that would suck. It would suck enormously. I'm all for helping stop this nexus thing, but the city itself is already in ruins, most of the people escaped with their lives, and Team Aqua's going to come out of this with heavy losses, if they survive it at all. There's not much more we can do up here if the Pearl is somewhere else.\]  



"Still, we have no other leads to go on right now. By the time we get back to Mauville, Watson should be back from seeing Briney and have some more information for us. Maybe that Silver guy will contact us if he finds any other leads. Until then, we might as well just push on ahead, even if we don't know what's going on. We didn't come all this way to turn back now."  



Gardevoir let out a loud, squeaky yawn, making everyone jump. Slash smiled at the sudden intrusion of cuteness and gave her hand another squeeze. It was only early evening, but after a week of hard travels and alternating guard shifts, the entire pack could use a full night's sleep. While the ashlands would likely be less hazardous than the desert, and they'd only be spending one or two days crossing it, the volcanic conditions would still make the trip difficult.  



"All right, everyone, I think we've talked ourselves empty for now. Let's try to get some extra sleep. We'll set off early tomorrow, okay?"  



The pack gave a series of weary acknowledgments and began settling down in their respective spots. Slash took the blanket still left in his pack, laid it down on the ground, and motioned for Gardevoir to lay down on it. "I probably shouldn't sleep next to you tonight, Gardie. There's a chance that someone could come in, and I don't want to get in any trouble."  



Gardevoir whimpered, clearly distressed at the idea of sleeping alone after a week of constant snuggling, especially under this intimidating veil of darkness. _I know these people have a reputation for being overly religious, master, but none of them have tried to spy on us or anything. We wouldn't be making love or anything, just cuddling..._  



"I know, but...even non-Jirachians would raise an eyebrow if they saw me sleeping with my arms around you. Besides, considering that bad things happen under this veil...it's best not to push our luck." He lowered his voice and continued. "We'll probably overnight in the ashlands before we press on to Fallarbor. I think we'll be safe out there...relatively speaking, of course. We can cuddle up there all we want...maybe even sneak off and have a bit of fun before the scary stuff starts."  



The silver girl flushed at that last bit, especially since she was fairly certain that some of her packmates heard it as well. She didn't want to turn around and find out. _I'd...like that, master. It might be a little scary, under a volcano, but...I want to spend every night that I can with you._ Her voice suddenly became panged with sadness. _I want to spend every moment with you that I can. Every single moment._  



Slash didn't need to check their bond to understand why she was so insistent about that. "Yeah...me, too. Watson told us to make our time count, remember? Wise words. Very...very wise."  



Gardevoir cut off his silent, wordless apology with a silent, wordless promise. Though she knew not how she could fulfill that promise, she knew that she had no choice. Her love for Slash...her love for her new little one...her love for her pack...the only way to balance things and keep everyone alive and happy was to make sure that the really, really hard decisions never had to be made. Her mind briefly contemplated the choice anyway---death with her lover or a pained-yet-necessary life for her son---but she cut off the line of thought just as abruptly. She would find a way. As his mate and as his protector, she would find a way.  



----------------------  



Far away, at the mouth of a quiet and forgotten cave, two entities watched the sun set with looks of worried contemplation.  



_She's stirring. The lost soul. Do you feel it, too?_  



_Yes. She is as I was, long ago. Alone. Afraid. Heartbroken. Her anger is great. Her pain is greater._  



The smaller creature turned to the larger and frowned. _Do you think she can be saved from this pain? No entity deserves to live in such a sad state._  



_I do not know. Not by you or I, in any case. She is...special. Beyond our reach. Beyond the reach of the gods, in fact. If anyone can save her, it'd be them, not us._  



_Do you think she can hurt them?_  



_Yes. In fact, I think she may kill them, if she is forced to confront the truth too early and her self-illusion falls apart. They are strong, but...she is far stronger, especially now that they're under the influence of that...dark energy field growing over that part of the world. She is nearly as strong as you and I._  



_Stronger than me, perhaps, but not you._ The smaller creature floated outside for a moment, looking at its reflection in the still water outside the cave, and then floated back in. _Isn't there anything we can do? Can we enter his mind and tell him what he should do?_  



The larger creature sighed and shook his head. _No. There is a great power in his mind, something of enormous darkness. It is...beyond his ability to control at the moment, but it still gives him great strength. I cannot make a door into his mind. Even if I could, what could we tell him? 'Get stronger so she can't kill you as easily'? Useless advice, I would say._  



_Could you help the girl, then? Her mind is far more accessible than his. She's more open, more accepting. And very determined to keep the lost soul from hurting him._  



_The only weapon she can use against the ghost is the knowledge of love, and that is something which I know nothing about. I couldn't give her any advice, not even useless advice. Can you?_  



Despite the grave nature of the situation, the smaller creature couldn't help but giggle at that. _Their love is something far different than our own kind's. The girl's love is...nearly obsessive. Dependant. Far more serious and focused. The ghost has that type of love as well, and it's why she is in so much pain. It's also why only the girl can understand that pain and heal it._  



_Then I suppose we can do nothing but watch and hope that they survive. The ghost's presence is making things even more unstable...the last thing that we need._  



Unsatisfied and displeased, the pair headed back into the cave depths, leaving the setting sun and the world that housed it behind them.  



--------------------------  



Slash woke up in his void again. He was confused as to why---he had been trying to get 'true sleep' in preparation for the next day's travels---when he saw Psymakio standing by the golden doors of his bond.  



No...not Psymakio. A quick prog showed that it was Angel, the guardian/mentor/spark who had come to him the night after his battle with Watson. The sight of such fear on such a familiar face still made his instincts jolt into full alert. It was panic.  



"Angel? What's wrong?"  



(I must be brief. Slash, she's coming.)  



No need to ask who she meant. The Interloper---Miyako, the Princess of the Second Kingdom of Hoenn. A lost soul, damned to eternal loneliness after Quiero succumbed to his dark nature and, in a twist of cruel and familiar irony, had damned the girl he had hoped to avenge. Slash looked around his void, but saw nothing to herald Miyako's approach. He looked at Angel questioningly.  



(She will be here any moment, and she will be far more than a passive voice this time. Her presence has grown enormously in strength since your first encounter with her.)  



"Why? What's made her so powerful?"  



(She has always been this powerful, but her ability to truly link to you has been nearly non-existent up until now. There are multiple reasons for it, the simplest of which is that her alignment with your soul has steadily been improving as she's been following you. She's been watching you, observing your bond with Psymakio, and she's synced her own mental frequency to your own.)  



That confirmed Slash's feeling in the desert, that Miyako would be able to appear to him again soon. The idea of her having been watching his mind all this time, merely unable to manifest herself within it, was an eerie one. Did she see him harming Psymakio with his use of the Dark Core? Did she jealously enjoy it?  



Did she encourage it?  



(Your possession of the Dark Core is another reason for her attempts to breach your mind. She's seen it before---where, I don't know, but it feels familiar to her.)  



"Can you tell me anything about it that Psymakio can't?"  



(No, I'm sorry. All I can tell you is that you didn't create the Core, Slash...it came to you from somewhere else. We'll have to discuss that later, though. Listen to me carefully---the last time you encountered her, she was exceedingly weakened, despite her ability to bypass your mental defenses and enter your mind. She was confused, and sort of...melded with me out of instinct. She took upon my role of guiding you because, through the strain of finding you and breaching your bond, _she mostly forgot why she had come to you_. That will not happen this time...what you will encounter is the true lost soul of Miyako, and her madness may be terrifying and dangerous. You must remember, though, that her madness is due to heartbreak...fear her you may, but hate her you must not. I have learned that, and so must you.)  



Slash felt his heart ache at the reminder. After all, Quiero's mistake, which had condemned Miyako to this false afterlife, had not been so different than the one he had made in the desert. Worse, if Quiero was his "mirror", if not a direct ancestor, didn't that mean he was damned to fall too? Or did free will mean that history did not have to repeat itself?  



"I understand, Angel. After hearing Quiero's story, there is no way I can hate her for losing her mind. I would have in her situation. But what will she do? What should **I** do?"  



(She may confuse you for Quiero...or notice that you're different, but pretend that you're not. I am unclear on how much self-deception she is capable of. It may be purposeful ignorance, unknowing ignorance, or some combination of the two. Whatever she does---whether simply talking to you, asking you questions, try to physically couple with you---play along and don't upset her. Don't resist.)  



Seeing the hesitant look on his face, Angel walked over to Slash and wrapped her arms around him. (I understand your reluctance, but remember that I am a spark of Psymakio, and I am fully aware of how she thinks. She told you the same thing that I did, and she meant it. It's not a test of loyalty to her...it's a necessary action if you want to survive. No self-sacrifices allowed.)  



"I know, but...it would be one thing if Miyako takes me by force. But I'm supposed to allow her to? Even pretend to enjoy it? How is that not betraying our mating?"  



(Psymakio is here, you know. Well...almost. She's looking into your void through the bond, and though she can't enter your mind or communicate to you when you sleep...not yet, anyway...she can talk to me. This may sound difficult to believe, but she wants you to try to actually enjoy it if Miyako does that---and I believe she will, for she is as starved of physical contact as she's starved of everything else. Pretend it's Psymakio...pretend that it's your mate...and you both fool Miyako and stay faithful to your mate. As bizarre as this would be to tell you in the waking world, this is how it must happen here. Understand?)  



Slash sighed, still unsure, but there _was_ a sort of...accepting encouragement flowing through the bond tunnel. Angel would not lie to him, especially not about Psymakio's feelings regarding him coupling with someone else, even inside of his mind. He would have faith that she truly meant what she was saying...and wouldn't change her mind when she realized how much it hurt to watch. There was a jealous streak in Psymakio, and while it had not manifested itself lately, it was by no means gone.  



"I understand."  



(Psymakio will be observing, both to see just how far into madness Miyako is and to prog the exact psychic frequency that she uses. Once she has a lock on it, Psymakio will be able to enter your mind at a later date, whenever the two of you intend to confront her.)  



Angel pulled back from her embrace, her face---Psymakio's face---still fearful. (Be careful, Slash. She doesn't deserve---)  



For a long moment Slash wasn't sure what he was seeing. Why the mental picture took so long to register, he didn't know, but there a delay of at least five seconds between seeing it and grasping it. A long blade, seemingly made of pure light, was jutting out of the front of Angel's body. Why would light do that, though? Why would Angel do something as silly as this?  



...what?  



Slash shook off his confusion and realized that Angel had been impaled from behind by a rapier-like blade of white light, held by another Gardevoir. Unlike Angel, this one did not have Psymakio's appearance. To most people, all Gardevoir looked more or less the same, but once a person mates with one, they have no trouble telling the difference. This Gardevoir was older, taller, fully matured, a glimpse at what Psymakio would look like in a few years. She wore a dress of stunningly bright pink and green, a similar design to the one his mate had worn during her vision. There was beauty in this creature, radiant beauty, but it was offset by the blood trickling down the arm holding the sword.  



Angel collapsed onto the floor of the void without a sound, vanishing as she did so. Slash was still aware enough to be conscious of his lack of concern, fear, or outrage---even aware enough to wonder what happened to a mentally-projected likeness when it was killed---but no longer aware enough to actually feel any of those emotions. He felt like an outside observer in his own mind, separated from shock or horror or rage by a thick wall of glass.  



Miyako smiled at him, her soft lips seeming to catch his eyes like a magnet. When Slash glanced down again, he was surprised to see that both blade and blood had disappeared. He was not surprised that he had no memory of _why_ those two things ever been there in the first place.  



Had someone been hurt?  



There was a blinding yet sourceless FLASH, and suddenly it didn't matter.  



He walked over to the elegant Gardevoir, his own grin widening with every step he took towards her. How long had it been? Weeks? Months? Even hours would have been too long! How lonely he had been!  



_Welcome back, cherished one,_ Miyako said in a soft, pleasant voice. That voice promised many things...comfort, friendship, compassion, physical intimacy. Things long-missed and long-desired.  



"I'm sorry it took so long," Slash replied, shrugging off the light golden armor that he wore; that he had never put it on did not register as alarming. Nothing about this did. "But I promise you, I will never leave you again. I'm home for good."  



Miyako glanced around the void, making a note of everything she gazed upon before making them vanish. The sleeping hourglass...that worried her. She didn't like it. She turned it into another one of those unknown doors with the funny writing on top of them. There, much better, nothing to worry about here! She craned her neck and saw the Dark Core at the void's zenith, hanging there like a spider's egg sac. Interesting. Familiar. Her Father's, perhaps? Didn't matter. She tried to make it vanish, but couldn't---it was apparently beyond her power to hide so easily. Turning it into a chandelier, though, was apparently not too difficult. One last scan of the void revealed another hourglass, framed with black metal and intricate, near-demonic designs. She tried and failed to change it into a door. She tried and failed to destroy it. Aggravated, she turned it into a pile of light bulbs and teleported them into the chandelier. Cackling wildly at her inventiveness, she turned on the lights, setting them to a low golden glow, and motioned for Slash to sit beside her on the bed. He did so eagerly.  



"Ah, that's much better. My bed back in Fallarbor was so hard and lumpy. Yours is...perfect. It's warm...soft...fun to be buried in all night..."  



He let his gaze linger on Miyako until she realized why he was smiling. _Naughty, naughty boy. I guess I don't have to ask if you missed me. I missed you, too...especially at night._  



Slash's smiled faded, his expression suddenly turning very serious. "I missed you more than I thought possible. I knew that the mating bond would make it hard for us to be physically separated, but...I never knew how hard. Every moment without you was like...like dying. I never want to be away from you again."  



_You won't be. We're immortal now, remember? We have all the time in the world._  



The chandelier's lights flickered at those words as though mocking them. Miyako screamed in fury and flung a bolt of psychic energy, potent enough to shatter a mountain, straight at the damn thing. It exploded into a haze of glass and metal, all the shards vanishing before they fell to the bed and those upon it. She smiled at Slash, who was still giving her a lovestruck grin, and looked back up to the roof. The chandelier was gone, but now there hung a small, fashionable ceiling fan with a trio of mounted lights. The hourglass and Core weren't gone...they had merely changed.  



Whatever.  



"Just how immortal are we, Miyako?"  



She leaned close to him, hot breath tickling his ear as she spoke the words in both audible and telepathic language. She could feel his arousal as her breasts brushed his arm. _Immortal enough that the only thing stopping us from making love for the next six months straight is dining and using the bathroom. On that note..._  



A large broiled lobster appeared on the table across the room. A bucket of ice with champagne fogged beside it. _Doesn't it look delicious?_  



Slash moved like lightning, pushing Miyako down onto her back and capturing her lips with his. Her small, strong fingers plunged into his hair, pulling him closer and sending shivers through his body as they brushed down the back of his neck. He caught her tongue between his lips and sucked down its length, his own tongue sweeping along the top as though he were trying to lick the saliva off of her. The kiss broke, and after a moment of hard breathing and prolonged eye contact---along with a certain hard lump pressing against her inner thigh---Slash gave her a decidedly lustful smirk. "Not anywhere near as delicious as you, my dear. Though I must give the same treatment to your other lips to be certain which part of you tastes better."  



Miyako stared at him for a minute longer before responding in a shaky voice. She tried her best to sound teasingly casual, but she was hot now, hot and wet and aching for him, and she knew that he knew it. She made no attempt to sit back up; in fact, she purposely arched her back so her breasts pushed against the thin fabric of her dress, blushing furiously at the torrent of lust in her mate's mind.  



_As I was saying, we have a nice dinner here for us, so we don't have to leave to eat._ Like so much else, the fact that it was only one meal did not register to Slash. _We can stay here and enjoy each other for days at a time, only pausing to share a romantic meal...and to catch our breath._  



Miyako put her legs around Slash's body, pulling him more tightly into her embrace and pushing his erection firmly against the warmer spot between her legs. He could almost feel her wetness through the dress. His eyes began wandering down to the swells of her breasts, but she forced him to look her in the eye once again.  



_My entire body is yours and you know it, but I can give you so much more, my brave knight. If you want to taste the lobster right out of my mouth, you can. If you want me to fuck myself with champagne bottle while you watch, I can. You can take me anyway, anywhere. Anything you want, Slash, anything you desire. We can make love in ways that little girl can't even conceive of._  



"What little girl?"  



Miyako ignored the question, a little unsure of who she meant herself. When Slash's eyes started to clear, even if only for an instant, she made her clothing disappear and let the sensation of his cock slipping between her labia steal away any resistance that was beginning to form. _I'm sure you have fantasies that you thought no one could ever fulfill, my cherished one. You already know that you can use my body in any way you wish...put it anywhere you wish...and I can do anything you want while you do it, no matter how naughty. But I can do even more than that, Slash. I can reach into your mind and alter your consciousness and make you believe that you're fucking anyone that you want. I can be your little Gardevoir...or I could be your little Kirlia..._  



(Was she even a Kirlia during her life, or did the King just make her out of thin air as a Gardevoir?)  



Miyako quelled that thought by shifting her body and wetly sinking down onto him. Before the first two inches had entered her, Slash had forgotten the question. His hands, which had been laying limp at his sides, had seemed to jump beneath her and were grasping her small buttocks, squeezing lightly.  



_...I could be your little Ralts, even, no one has to know. I won't judge you, and you wouldn't have to worry about hurting anyone, since you'd really be fucking me and just...dreaming the rest. Maybe you want to try out some other Pokemon? Ever wonder how tight a Ninetales' ass is? I've seen the way you look at her, and I can give myself some tails too, if you fancy. Any humans you'd like me to emulate? Ever jerked off to any friends or family?_  



Slash squeezed her butt harder and slid the rest of his length in her, letting the tiny tunnel spasm around him for a moment before trying to speak. "I can have anything that I want? Any part of you, any fantasy? No matter how far it goes?"  



Miyako grinned and purposely clamped down as hard as she could, watching as the faint fumes of rationality rising in the back of his mind dissipated like fog in a gale. She sent him a barrage of images and proposals, ranging from simple to perverse, promising to fulfill any wish or desire he had, no matter how twisted. _Anything. I want to show you just how much I'm willing to do for you. How much I want you._  



The hard shaft buried within her began to pull back, and for a terrible moment she thought he had somehow overcome her control and was leaving her; her fear ceased only when she felt him plunge back into her with a wet squish and heard his gasp of pleasure. She let out a giddy laugh and pushed her body up against him until every last inch was being caressed by her insides. Slash leaned over to whisper in her ear, the simple movement of him shifting inside her causing a fireball of pleasure to explode and surge heat throughout her body.  



"I want you."  



There were no more words. He took her, took her hard, and Miyako gave her body to him as fully as she could. Her thighs pressed warmly against his sides, ankles locked behind his back, hands clinging to his lower back and driving him into her. She met every thrust, matched every kiss, pressed every part of her body forward for him to touch and taste. She made herself a meal for him to devour, and by the time he finished, filling her with his cum and marking her as his, the love bites and trails of wetness showed he had devoured nearly all of her.  



They lay together for a moment, catching their breaths and feeling each other's bodies rise and fall. Miyako was just closing her eyes to rest when Slash spoke up quietly in a voice that sounded oddly hurt.  



"Why didn't you kiss me?"  



Her eyes snapped open in shock. She looked up at find a face full of doubt and worry looking back at her, despite the intense fucking that he had just given her. _What? What do you mean? We practically swallowed each other's tongues!_  



"I mean, really kiss me. Like---"  



There was another surge of near-clarity and rationality in his mind, and this time Miyako was too stunned to suppress it herself. Thankfully for her (and Slash, for his life would have been forfeit if Psymakio's name slipped his lips at this particular moment), it passed on its own.  



"After we make love, you...you normally kiss me. So gentle and loving and...what was that, Miyako? That was nothing like your normal self."  



Miyako pushed him off of her, leaping to her feet and screamed, screamed as though her face were being ripped off. She flung blasts of psychic energy everywhere, shattering windows and tables with reckless abandon. Slash merely laid on the bed, confused and sorrowful look still in his eyes, motionless as Miyako tore the room apart.  



She looked up at the ceiling fan and those damn lights swaying from the shock waves, mocking her, taunting her. Grinning fiendishly, she blew the entire roof off, obliterating both objects, but when the dust cleared she found two clouds floating high above them, intangible and untouchable. She screamed furiously and turned back to Slash, who had remained utterly unmoving at the display of destruction.  



_WHY? WHAT DID I DO WRONG?_  



Miyako leapt on top of him, holding him down with her power and grabbing his cock in her small hand. She guided it to her anus, now slick with her cum, and plopped herself down on it hard, crying out at the sudden sharp penetration. Without a word, she gripped him by the arms and slammed herself down on the hard sex repeatedly, moaning and gasping at the hot near-pain pleasure as vocally as she could, letting him know what he did to her. She clamped down on the hot organ, squeezing it mercilessly, writhing upon it until she felt another spurt of semen inside of her, and grinned down at the man beneath her, triumphant.  



But still that haunted, hurt glaze remained in his eyes.  



_WHY ISN'T THIS WORKING!?_ Miyako screamed, leaning over his body to stare right into his face. _I GAVE YOU MY ENTIRE BODY! I OFFERED YOU EVERYTHING! WHY DO YOU DENY IT?!_  



A voice rang out in her ear, very small and timid. It was not Slash's voice, nor Psymakio's, nor Angel's. It was her own, though the lack of madness in it made it all but unrecognizable.  



_he loves her because she loves him, and shows it to him with more than her body. when she gives herself to him, it's out of love, not this crude lust-based bribery you've attempted. this is nothing but a pale imitation of love, the comfort of a whore instead of a mate, and it belittles you_  



_NO! DAMN IT, NO! I CAN GIVE HIM LOVE AND PLEASURE JUST AS SHE CAN, BUT A HUNDREDFOLD GREATER! SHE IS NOTHING! HOW CAN SHE HOPE TO COMPETE WITH ME?_  



_by viewing their love as something more than a mere competition. she lets you give yourself to him because she knows that a tainted heart will never steal him away from her. a heart that can't love is no heart at all_  



Miyako clamped down on the voice and sent it to the chaotic, buzzing hurricane that made up her mind. She glared at Slash, frustrated rage seething from her aura, not sure whether she should kill him or kill herself or kill them both. She glared at him for a full minute before she began to cry.  



He stared at her, unmoving and uncomprehending, like a marionette with no one to dance him around. He was still aware, however, and now that she was no longer focusing on control, his real mind was starting to return. Miyako sensed its coming but made no move to stop it. Instead she looked him in the eyes, tears pouring down her face, and began to sob uncontrollably.  



_I CAN love!_  



Despite what she'd done to Angel, despite what she'd done to him, despite what she'd forced Psymakio to watch, Slash found himself wishing that he could move his body and embrace the little ghost that was weeping in front of him, naked and vulnerable, looking much younger and less confident than she had a moment before. He could sense her growing shame at trying to use her body to lure him into loving her instead of her heart, and clearly heard the phrase _comfort of a whore instead of mate_ slip out of whatever self-hating monologue was flowing through her mind.  



After what seemed like an eternity, her sobbing quieted down, though the tears kept dripping down her flushed face. She didn't seem to have the energy to clothe herself, nor the will to rebuild the shattered set that she'd constructed for him.  



_I...I really can love,_ she whispered to Slash, suddenly sounding almost...clear-headed. _I really can. It's just that...sometimes it's so hard to remember. I see you with...with HER...she's so young and inexperienced, but you seemed to enjoy it as much as you did with me...I wanted to show you I still love you, that I'm your mate and I forgive your infidelity and still want you...that I can make it so much better than she can...oh, Slash, please love me again. Please._  



Her eyes seemed to brighten briefly, and the tear-stained frown spread into a small and unsure smile. _I know what to do. I have to prove it to you. You don't believe me after that, I know, I can sense it, but that's only because I did that FIRST! I should have proved that you have my heart before I gave you my body! But it's not too late! Not at all! Not too late!_  



FLASH.  



The day was cool and beautiful, and the field where Slash stood was just as enchanting. A light breeze shook the treetops, sending showers of brightly-colored leaves dancing to the ground, and the nearby lake shivered with each that landed upon its mirror-like surface. And yet it was not this picturesque landscape that drew the prince's attention, but rather the fragile young girl standing in front of him.  



No words came to him. The hours of schooling on matters of diplomacy vanished as quickly as the princess had appeared. Not only did he find himself unable to bow, but he couldn't even stop himself from gaping at her, eyes wide and lips slightly parted as her elegant, angel-like radiance overwhelmed his senses.  



She stared back at him, eyes a glowing shade of ruby, silver skin lightly tinted with a jade-colored blush. He hadn't been sure that he believed it before, but now, with her standing this closely to him, the story he'd heard of this girl's creation seemed confirmed; born of the gods, blessed with the beauty of divinity, as though the King had taken a pile of the finest jewels and gemstones and given them a soft, sweet form of life.  



_Hello. I was wondering if you'd like to play with me?_  



Slash blinked, the sound of her musical voice in his mind breaking him free of his paralysis. "What?"  



_Do you want to play? It's a very pretty day, and it's so boring in the castle...all of my attendants are so strict and serious, but your mind feels...different. More interesting, I guess._  



"What do you mean by play?" he asked, flinching at how the words came out and praying that she would not interpret his honest confusion for something more bawdy and suggestive. She thankfully detected nothing wrong with the tone of the question and smiled brightly.  



_There's plenty of stuff we can do out here! We can go up in the trees and play explorer, or get a bunch of the leaves together and jump down into them...maybe we can go swimming!_ She trailed off and looked at the lake, eyes seeming to flicker with sky-blue light for a split second. _It's not exactly warm, but it's not really cold yet, either._  



Slash glanced around, looking to see if any other Pokemon were nearby and witnessing the strange and rather unofficial encounter between their princess and the foreigner prince. "Do you really think that's...appropriate, your highness?"  



She giggled, a sound that made his heart jump in a pleasant sort of way. _You don't have to call me that, silly. Not out here, anyway. Call me Miyako and I'll call you Slash, alright?_  



"Forgive me, princess, but I really don't wish to do anything that might displease your father or get either of us into trouble. This mission is very important for both of our kingdoms, and I'm looking forward to---"  



_You don't really believe that. I can tell._ Miyako's eyes shimmered again, and her smile turned playful. _You're bored stiff with all the bowing and regal talk! You want to play with me, don't you? You can't hide it from me!_  



Slash sighed in defeat, gave another conspiratory look around, and nodded. "Okay, I admit that I...well, I am a little tired of all the official stuff that I've had to do since we got here...and the actual business hasn't even started yet. Maybe I could use a little relaxation before the heavy stuff starts. Are you sure that your father won't be angry with me, though? We're not exactly meeting in an official capacity here. Plus I'm a...and you're...a..."  



Miyako giggled and shook her head. _He doesn't have to know. This is the time when I usually take my walk around the castle gardens, so everyone will think I'm there. They don't have any reason to actually go looking for me, and the gardens are such a maze that they couldn't find me even if I WAS there. It'll be okay, Slash, I promise._  



The pair fell into silence for a moment, staring at each other for a moment before looking away nervously. Slash was worried that she could feel his attraction to her, but if she could, she was giving no visible sign of being repelled by it. She glanced back at him curiously, blushing a bit more brightly, a little of her playfulness apparently replaced by a sudden timidity...it was as though she had just now realized that he was a boy.  



Just as Slash was beginning to think that she might be just as nervous about talking to him as he was to her, she grabbed his hand and began pulling him towards a small patch of trees near the lakeside. Any resistance or reluctance faded at the sensation of her skin on his. Despite the knowledge of what might happen to him if the King _did_ find him frolicking with his daughter, he had no desire to stop now. Never before had a girl made him feel so...spellbound.  



Miyako stopped in front of one of the taller trees, released his hand, and...disappeared. Slash stepped back and swept his gaze over the area, hand dropping to the butt of his gun. He felt rather silly when the little creature called down to him from up in the tree branches, giggling at his surprise over her teleporting.  



_What are you waiting for? Come on up!_  



"I can't. The lowest branch is still too high for me to grab onto."  



_Just teleport on up here._  



Slash smiled politely, unsure if she was seriously uneducated about humans or simply playing a joke. "Humans can't teleport, Miyako."  



Her expression turned thoughtful, more intrigued than surprised at the revelation. _Really? You look so much like me, and your mind is so strong...I assumed that you must be able to. I'm sorry._ She teleported back to the ground, again startling Slash into defensive posture. _I can get you up there. Just grab my hand and don't let go, okay?_  



She held out her hand, and he took it. Miyako held onto it for a moment, silent, and for a split second Slash thought he could hear someone else's thoughts inside his head...the words were unclear, but the tone was soft, pleasant. Then the world he was looking at disappeared, instantly replaced by a tangle of orange leaves and thick, spreading branches. He started to leap to his feet, only to find that they were dangling over open space; Miyako had to grab his wrist to keep him from falling out of the tree.  



_Careful! Falling down hurts for someone who can't teleport back up!_  



"I can imagine."  



The pair sat in the branches, and while a good number of the turned leaves had already fallen, there were still enough on the tree to hide their their little spot from outside view. Slash leaned back against the trunk, careful not to lose his balance again, and smiled. How long had it been since he was up in a tree? How long since he'd let himself act like a child?  



"I have to admit...I was really nervous when you first showed up, but...this is nice. A lot more fun than what I'd be doing back at my hostel. And you're a lot more pleasant to be with than my bodyguards."  



Miyako smiled happily, sensing the release of tension pouring off of the prince. _You're a funny boy. I like you._  



Embarrassed, nervous, and a little touched, Slash replied, "I think I like you too."  



---------------------  



_You see? I can love._  



Despite her boast, the tone of her claim was incredibly insecure, as though she were afraid he would call her a liar.  



----------------------  



The sun was sinking below the horizon when they climbed out of the lake and began air-drying off. Slash pulled his shirt and armor on while Miyako changed back into her dress behind some bushes. While the conversation hadn't taken a turn to the romantic all day, both prince and princess were guilty of stealing looks at each other during their swim.  



_Okay, I'm done._  



Miyako teleported back in front of Slash, and while the form-hugging swimsuit was now hanging from one arm, she was still absolutely beautiful and almost unbearably sexy. The tussled wet hair hanging down her face only added to the effect. She seemed unaware of how physically inviting she was to him.  



"So I guess we have to be heading back to our respective buddies," Slash said with exaggerated sadness...though only a little of it was played up for her amusement. The impromptu afternoon really had been more enjoyable than he'd imagined. He missed her already.  



_Yes, we do. They're probably already looking for me...I think I can get back without them finding out I was gone, though._  



"What about your hair and the...the swimsuit?"  



_If anyone asks, I'll just tell them I went to one of the castle ponds for a swim. I really don't think I'd get in trouble for being with you...even unsupervised...but you're right, there's no need to complicate your stay here._  



Slash frowned, feeling a pang of sadness suddenly flowing from the glistening angel in front of him. He felt no surprise at being able to pick up her emotions; he wasn't even aware that it was at all unusual. "Hey, now, don't be sad. Maybe we can do this again sometime. It's probably improper, yeah, but...today was really fun. More fun than I've had in a long time. Would you to spend another afternoon together sometime?"  



_I...I would like that very much, Slash._  



Her expression suddenly turned vulnerable. Despite her earlier playfulness and outgoing nature, she found that she couldn't make eye contact with the boy anymore. Her heart felt like stone, like something was so right that it felt wrong, or so wrong that it felt right. She couldn't tell which. _Slash...can I ask you something if you promise not to laugh at me?_  



"Of course."  



_Are we...um...are we friends?_  



Seeing and feeling the loneliness in her, Slash stepped closer and took her free hand into his. Despite his nervousness at the contact, he kept holding it until the wind-cooled skin was warm again and the pained look in her eyes faded. "Miyako, I started out this day kneeling in front of a sixty-foot giant King who could squash me like a bug, but even when I was under his shadow, all I could think about was you. There was just something about you, something that...caught my attention and caught my interest and..."  



He stopped himself from saying "caught my heart", but Miyako heard the words in her mind, and while she didn't reveal this to him for fear of ruining the moment, the words touched her deeply. She was not sure if they were sincere, but...they were still good to hear.  



"I was surprised when you just showed up out here, and a little worried that I'd accidentally...offend you or something. But you were nothing but kind and funny and...well, it was really fun being with you. I mean that. So yes, Miyako, we're friends. Our positions might make it a little difficult to see each other outside of a royal meeting, but I really hope that we can find the time to do this again."  



Overwhelmed, Miyako dropped her swimsuit to the ground and hugged the boy tightly, whispering a telepathic pulse of thanks that, despite his species, he heard perfectly. Slash stood motionless at first, struggling to process the feeling of the beautiful girl embracing him, and then he put his own arms around her, drawing her small frame against his chest.  



_I really do have to go now, but...thank you, Slash. I'm really glad that you want to be my friend._  



"Thank you for being mine, Miyako." He pulled back from her touch and sighed. "I suppose it will be 'Princess Miyako' the next time we meet, huh?"  



_Yes. But that's alright. We can meet here again tomorrow, same time as today, and I can be plain old Miyako for you again._  



She smiled, hugged him one more time, and then teleported away into the early night sky. Slash was left standing alone in the fields outside of the capital city, unsure of what emotion was now coursing through his heart. Loneliness? Joy? He didn't know, but that night he would fall asleep and dream of the girl who had captured his heart, replaying the moment where she'd embraced him over and over again.  



----------------------  



There was a flash of blinding white light, and both prince and princess were back in the void.  



Though Slash's reactions had been scripted, his actual consciousness had not been repressed this time. He was awake and aware of everything around him during the memory/illusion, and now felt far less frightened of the girl who had been essentially forcibly mind-controlling him into having sex only a few minutes ago. Miyako stood beside him, her eyes closed, a small smile on her face as she relished the last traces of the memories.  



_Do you believe me now? That I'm not just a whore who wants you to use me?_  



Slash tried to move his arms and found that he could. The forced-script aspect of her control had been dropped, at least temporarily. "I'm...sorry, Miyako. I didn't realize just how...deep it ran."  



_Why are you sorry, silly? Don't say such strange things._  



"Huh?"  



_Why would you be sorry for treating me so...so wonderfully? For being my friend?_  



(She doesn't realize that I'm not Quiero,) he realized with a start. (If she ever did, she's forgotten now.)  



"Miyako..."  



_I missed you so much. That's why I behaved as I did when you first came back. I longed for you every moment that you were gone, both in heart and body. Needing you made me a little crazy, I suppose. Now that you're back, after having been away for so long...knowing that you'll be here for good, knowing that you were waiting for me all this time...I'm so happy, cherished one. I've never been happier in my life._  



(Did she forget _why_ she fucked me senseless? Has she actually forgotten about Psymakio, or is she just pretending?) A more frightening thought: (Has she pretended to the point where she's _made herself forget_? Is she that unstable?)  



The quiver of fear surging through him at that question subsided when he looked at her beaming, sunny smile. Whether knowingly self-delusional or honestly committed to this reality she'd built, she was clearly, honestly in love with him. It didn't matter whether it was really him or Quiero that she was in love with...right now that love was directed at him, and he had to do something about it. He didn't want to antagonize her...and simply telling her the truth might cause her even more pain...but there had to be some way to help her grasp it on her own.  



"Are you really happy, Miyako?"  



_Oh, yes! I don't think I've been so happy since---_  



FLASH.  



"Miyako, listen---"  



_No, it's alright, Slash, I understand. You don't have to say anything. Maybe I was stupid to even think---_  



"Stop. Please, Miyako, stop. Just let me say this."  



She looked back at him with tearful, frightened eyes, as though he were a god instead of a simple man with his own worries and fears. Perhaps, to her, he was a god, capable of deciding her fate with mere words. That she held the same power over him was something that eluded her.  



"I've met a girl who's strong and sweet and kind and beautiful and...she's everything I've ever wanted in a woman. And I want her to be with me for a long, long time. I don't care if my father does have some noblewoman lined up for me when I return, because I've already found the one I want. There may be consequences, perhaps serious ones, but...I will give up everything if it will win her heart."  



_And if such a union was forbidden by more than just your father? What if it went against centuries of tradition and honor?_ Miyako began crying harder, her telepathy breaking up as her emotion overwhelmed her control. _What if you couldn't have her, no matter what, and she couldn't have you, no matter how much she's dreamed of it since you first met, and---_  



Slash stopped her pleading with a kiss, pressing against her soft lips, gently stroking her cheek and sending wordless feelings of comfort and compassion through the slim thread that connected the two of them. He didn't check to see if anyone was around before doing it; he would have done the same thing even if a whole army of the King's soldiers had been surrounding them. There was no way he could just let her cry. Her tears had no right to exist in the universe.  



"You," he whispered, pulling back just enough for their hungry young eyes to meet. "You, you, only you. There can be no other."  



Unable to speak, Miyako kissed him back, surrendering herself to the strange dark-haired man who had swooped in and stolen her heart and held it for ransom with friendship and happiness and...and love. Despite coming from two different worlds, there was no denying that their lips and hands and hearts fit together perfectly.  



FLASH.  



He was laying down the blankets when she came to him.  



She was sweet and bare and naked, though this time there was naught but love in her eyes. Well, love and a good deal of nervousness, excitement, anticipation...  



Desire.  



"You...you're beautiful. Absolutely stunning."  



Her radioactive blush was just barely noticeable under the full moon's light. While they had taken a few liberties with each other over the past few months, small and fumbling and over each other's clothing, they were seeing each other, truly seeing each other, for the first time.  



"You're trembling."  



_So are you. The lake was cold._  



"Come here and let's warm each other up."  



He didn't mean anything sexual by it. That would come after. For now they merely held each other, taking comfort in the soft warmth of skin on skin, huddling under a blanket and looking up at the stars. They never seemed so bright or numerous as they did tonight.  



_I'm a little afraid. I want this so badly, but...I'm still a little afraid._  



"So am I. There's nothing wrong with that. We'll go as slowly and gently as you need." He kissed her delicately, almost chastely, showing her that despite his increasingly obvious longing for her touch, he meant what he said. "Just...be slow and gentle with our connection, too."  



_Do you really think we can, Slash? I will stay with you if we can't...joyously, even...but I hope that we can. I want us to make love with more than just our bodies...I want our souls to be joined, too._  



"Look up at the stars and tell me that you don't think we can. There's enough magic in this world to work a little miracle for the two of us."  



There was another kiss, more open and hungry than the last. Miyako gently guided Slash onto his back, then slipped on top of him, straddling the hardness that pressed against her with increasing insistence. She reached down to grasp it and guide it into her, and as lowered herself upon it, pain mixing with incredible, unbelievable ecstasy, she felt Slash open his heart to her fully. There was a great flash of light as their bodies and souls connected completely, and for a brief instant they could see the magic left in the universe, a great cloud of sparkling rose-pink beauty that swirled and caressed the lovers with a feather-light touch.  



FLASH.  



Slash stood outside of her bedroom door, listening to her screams with barely-constrained rage. Despite what his instincts urged and demanded that he do, there was nothing he could do to help. As strong as he'd become, this sort of pain was beyond his ability to absorb into himself, and he could only offer Miyako pulses of love and reassurance.  



When the agonized cries finally ceased, the Clefable attendant called for him to enter.  



He burst through the door before he could reign in his protective instincts, but all aggression and defensiveness disappeared when he saw the small creature in Miyako's arms.  



"Is it a boy or---"  



\[It's a girl,\] Clefable said happily as she checked the monitors. \[While she's obviously the first one of her kind that I've ever seen, she appears to be completely healthy.\]  



"What about Miyako?"  



\[She's exhausted, but there were no complications. You have no reason to worry.\]  



Slash knelt beside the bed and looked his two girls in the eye. "Hello there, mommy."  



_Hello, my love._ Miyako tried to look down at the infant in her arms, but was too weary to do even that. _Can you help me up?_  



He pressed the button to raise the bed into a sitting position, careful to make sure that the baby didn't fall out of her extremely loose grasp. When Miyako was upright, she looked down at her firstborn and laughed weakly. _She looks like a little tiny me._  



"Congratulations, sweetheart. You just gave birth to the start of a new race. We'll get to watch her grow up, evolve into a pretty Gardevoir like her mother, find a mate of her own, have children of her own..."  



That he and Miyako's joint immortality meant that they would also have to watch her grow old and die went unspoken. They had agreed before attempting to have a child that they were willing to accept the sorrows along with the joys, and this moment was most assuredly joyful.  



"Stop."  



FLASH.  



_What's wrong, dear?_  



"This isn't right, Miyako. You can fool yourself, you can fool others, but you can't fool me."  



_I don't understa---WHAT?! NO! NO, GODDAMN IT!_ The girl screamed in terror and fury as she realized that the bedchambers, the nurse, and the child had vanished. _WHERE IS SHE? WHERE'S MY BABY!? GIVE HER BACK NOW!_  



Slash put a hand on the enraged girl's shoulder and squeezed softly. He was unable to bear this any longer. He could not let this poor ghost delude herself into believing this particular illusion.  



"There never was a baby, Miyako. The kiss was real. The mating was real. But...you never had any children. I can feel it in your mind, even if you can't."  



_THAT'S NOT TRUE! WE DID! I REMEMBER IT PERFECTLY! WE WAITED FOR A HUNDRED AND THREE YEARS TO HAVE A CHILD, AND---_  



In a very small, very sympathetic voice, Slash interrupted. "And you died before you carried it to term. You were pregnant at the time the final battle occurred---that's why Quiero gave himself up to his rage. That's why he couldn't keep the door locked anymore. The Shadow took more than your Kingdom and your lives...it took your child's life, too. And that was unbearable for both of you."  



Miyako stared at him with wide eyes and mouth agape. "You aren't just looking for your mate, are you? You're also looking for your child, the child you never had. Miyako, I am so sor---"  



The girl's power exploded outwards, lashing out in every direction. Doors rattled in their frames, the clouds hanging above swirled and twisted (though they never broke apart), and Slash was barely able to blink before he found himself pressed against one of the bond tunnel's large golden doors, an unnaturally powerful Gardevoir hand squeezing his throat.  



_Don't you DARE lie to me like that! Don't you fucking DARE!_  



Unable to speak due to the tremendous force crushing his windpipe, Slash desperately switched to telepathy: **I wish I was lying, I really do! No one deserves to go through this kind of pain! But I can _help_ you, Miyako! I can help you find your mate, maybe even your child! Please let me help!**  



_You can't lie to me, not about this! Your fucking Fatherhood door is RIGHT THERE! I CAN SEE IT! NOW STOP LYING ABOUT IT BEFORE I MAKE YOU REGRET IT!_  



Her grip tightened, and Slash felt his head start to pound from lack of air. However the physical laws of this mental world worked, it seemed that he was perfectly capable of suffering---perhaps even dying---if his projected self was injured. He raised his hands to the powerful fingers but could not pry them off.  



**Don't do this, Miyako, please! You came here, invaded my mind, blocked out my mate, killed my guardian, and dragged me through these memories because you LOVE me, right?**  



_Of course I do! Don't presume to tell me---_  



**Then why are you hurting me? If you kill me, someone who you love, you won't even be a ghost anymore! You'll become a Demon, incapable of being saved! Don't let yourself fall like that!**  



One of the golden doors snapped off its hinges, collapsing to the floor of the void with a tremendous bang. _You're MINE, Slash! MINE! Not hers! She is nothing more than an imitation! A...a deceitful little girl who lies to you about love and presumes to take my place! I WILL NOT ALLOW IT! Why do you even humor her, Slash? You know that you belong to me!_  



Just as Slash's vision began to darken, Miyako's hand released him. He fell to the floor of the void in an ungainly heap, gasping and coughing up blood. He looked up to find Psymakio holding Miyako by the wrist, their eyes locked.  



_He's MINE, Miyako. Mine. My friend, my mate, the father of my child and the alpha of my pack. He is my trainer and my liberator. And I will allow no one to take him from me._  



_LET GO OF ME, YOU BRAT!_  



A burning white sword suddenly appeared in Miyako's free hand---it was the same blade which had struck down Angel with a single blow. Unable to scream for the ghost to stop, Slash tried to climb to his feet only to stumble right back down. He watched in helpless horror as the arm swung towards his mate.  



Psymakio made no attempt to dodge; instead, she moved closer, keeping her grip on Miyako's wrist, and kissed her. The sword stopped dead in the air, vanishing as quickly as it had been summoned. Both Gardevoir were motionless as their lips pressed together. Slash looked on, likewise frozen and totally uncomprehending.  



A week before, Psymakio had received a vision from the Great Ones, and a visit from the ancient prince of the old Kingdom, Quiero. He had kissed her, kissed her long and hard, and bade that she return the kiss to Miyako someday and let her know that he was waiting in the afterlife. And now she was fulfilling that promise, transferring all of her memories of the vision, along with all the love and heartache that Quiero's kiss had given to her, into Miyako's shattered mind.  



Psymakio broke the kiss and teleported next to Slash before speaking. _Your mate is waiting for you, Miyako. He has been waiting for you to join him ever since you died. While you've roamed the world, looking for the loved ones who you lost, he has been looking for you in the afterlife. His sins have made you suffer, but...if all that you told Slash is true, then you can forgive him, too._  



Miyako stared down at the pair, still and silent, trembling violently.  



_I can't tell you if your child is there with him, because I don't know. But even if she isn't...Quiero is. He's longing to see you, hold you, let you see that he never, ever stopped loving you. He belongs with you just as much as I belong with my mate. So please, Miyako, go to him._  



The princess recoiled, stumbling a step backwards and shaking her head. She glared at the damaged void, at the injured young man and the strong-willed young girl protecting him. She looked at the Fatherhood door and realized with horror that the child beyond it was not her own.  



She screamed in wordless pain, some broken mixture of fear and denial and sorrow, and vanished as suddenly as she had arrived, though the echoes of those distraught cries sounded in the depths of the void for a long, long time.  



Slash looked up at his mate, too injured and weary to think straight. **Psymakio...**  



She took his hand and kissed it, keeping it pressed to her lips as she checked his mind for damage. _It's alright, Slash. It's alright. I'm here. And I'll protect you. Now...sleep. Fall into natural sleep so I can start fixing what she broke._  



**Don't leave me, alright? I...can't be alone right now.**  



_She won't be able to keep me away from you anymore, Slash, I swear it. And she'll never hurt you again. Now sleep. I promise that I'll keep the shadows away during the night._  



As Slash obeyed and fell into a heavy, true sleep, Psymakio watched the clouds return themselves to their original forms---the Dark Core and the terrible hourglass that counted off the rest of his life. She sighed in disappointment. She had failed in saving Miyako. She had failed to keep Slash from harm. Why shouldn't she think she would fail in stopping these two vile forces as well?  



_Because I love him,_ she whispered to herself, unsure if that would be enough. Summoning a blanket to put over Slash's projected body, she began the long process of healing her mate's mind, though she was unable to stop thinking about Miyako while doing so. After what the princess had done to her mate, Psymakio wasn't sure if she was angry or terrified or jealous...but she was sympathetic. She could see a little of herself in Miyako's madness.  



And unless she found a way to save Slash from the ticking clock in his head, she risked sharing Miyako's fate.  



------------------  



To be continued.