
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

A/N: The trek into the dark heart of Hoenn continues, as all lines of force begin to converge at the nexus of the spreading veil of the Shadow. Slash continues to struggle with his destabilizing powers as he leads his pack over harsh and shrouded terrain, their only companions the constant ashfall and the floating corpses of Pokemon who could not flee the devastation.  
  
  
  
But are they truly alone, or is something stalking them, biding its time?  
  
  
  
Incidentally, I will never stop giggling when I mention someone grabbing their Pokeballs. I should have overridden canon and called them Capture Spheres in the first chapter. TOO LATE NOW.  
  
  
  
Word count: slightly OVER 9000!!!  
  

---  
  
  
**Chapter 26: Twisted**  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fifty miles from Fallarbor, in the opposite direction of Slash and his Pokemon, a lone trainer was packing up his campsite and preparing to head out. Meteor Cave had been a good source of shelter against the heavy ashfall, but his supplies were running low, and two of his Pokemon had been killed while defending the cave from stampeding Pokemon and straggling survivors from Fallarbor. With no way to contact headquarters, Sai had no choice but to assume his rendezvous wasn't coming.  
  
  
  
He slung his bag over his shoulder, and nodded at his Kaishakunin, an enormous and scar-covered Arbok who had lost an eye fighting a Tyranitar years ago. The pair had only taken a few steps toward the mouth of the cave when a shadowy figure blocked out the murky sunlight. Arbok hissed, its needled fangs dripping poison onto the rocky ground, smoking and sizzling. Before Sai could question the intruder, a gravelly voice echoed through the cavern.  
  
  
  
"Sai. Shut that thing up before I tear in it half."  
  
  
  
The silhouette's black outline was suddenly topped by a pair of red eyes that glowed like blood. Despite only knowing one man with such eyes, the strange and damaged quality of the voice left Sai uncertain.  
  
  
  
"Sensiari? Is that you?"  
  
  
  
Kiako stumbled into the cave, leaning heavily on a thick branch carried in his right hand, and once in the darkness his features became visible. Despite having seen many atrocities in his time with Team Rocket, Sai could not stifle his surprised grunt at the commander's condition. Mangled and broken in a dozen places, and badly burnt on one side, Kiako only passingly resembled a human. Arbok flared its hood, more out of fear than an attempt to intimidate. The crimson eyes flashed menacingly, and the huge snake backed down, slithering behind its trainer as though Sai were somehow capable of more strength than itself.  
  
  
  
"Commander, what the hell happened to you? You look like---"  
  
  
  
"I need no reminder of how I look. I am aware of my condition. It will not slow me down, and I am still able to fight." Kiako's left arm flexed, fingers shifting into bony claws. The sight was not nearly as bad as the sound of bones shifting and creaking. "We will be at Fallarbor within two days. If you cannot keep up, I will leave you behind."  
  
  
  
Sai nodded fearfully, suddenly wishing that he had not been chosen for this particular mission. Kiako was infinitely more intimidating than Giovanni. The Rocket leader, for all of his reputation and history, was a fair and rational man. He would much rather discipline an agent through pay cuts and intense extra training than through brute force or murder, the Rocket Purge being an exception. Kiako, on the other hand, was notoriously unstable, and in the shape he was in now, Sai doubted his commander would be in a very lenient mood.  
  
  
  
"Yes, sir. I'll manage."  
  
  
  
"Then let's get a move on."  
  
  
  
Kiako turned without waiting for a response and marched out of the cave. Sai and his Kaishakunin quickly followed. An Aggron and a Hariyama, both heavily muscled and far larger than was typical for their species, took up positions on either side on them. Neither seemed any more friendly than Kiako himself.  
  
  
  
Trudging through the ankle-deep ash, the Rockets headed east.  
  
  
  
---------------  
  
  
  
\[So what exactly happened back there? Those people looked like they were about five seconds from killing us.\]  
  
  
  
Psymakio flinched at Graveler's question, but there was no sign of irritation from Slash. For the moment, he appeared to be in control of his anger, though the **RAGE** door still shook in its frame, pleading to be opened. When he answered, his voice was calm but unsteady.  
  
  
  
"I lost control of my temper. Saibara started talking about Jirachism and how this disaster must be the fault of Dark-types, and it was infuriating. I just couldn't keep my damn mouth shut."  
  
  
  
\[What did you say to him?\]  
  
  
  
"Do you want the part where I voiced support of Dark-types, the part where I insulted the intelligence of Jirachians, or the part where I suggested their god is evil and shouldn't be allowed to exist?"  
  
  
  
Graveler rolled his eyes. \[Smooth. Really smooth.\]  
  
  
  
"I got so riled up that I nearly threatened to kill them. If Psymakio hadn't shut me up when she did, they might have done more than just kick us out of camp. They really might have gone ahead and killed us. Not being a Jirachian isn't a crime, not technically, but threatening to kill someone most certainly is."  
  
  
  
Slash looked at his mate, who had remained quiet since they left the camp. She didn't seem as frightened of him now that his temper had been checked, but faint signs of submission were still present in her posture. He squeezed her hand and pulled her closer, slightly concerned at how easily she let him do so. A human girl would have been angered by his earlier attitude, and in a way, he wished that Psymakio would react angrily towards him. Anger he could have understood. Gardevoir's quiet acquiescence to his wishes worried him.  
  
  
  
"I'm sorry, Psymakio. And I'm sorry it took so long for me to say it."  
  
  
  
Her eyes remained downcast. _You don't have to apologize. It wasn't your fault and you know it._  
  
  
  
"I know that it wasn't entirely my fault, but just because I was influenced doesn't mean I couldn't control myself. A time may come when I truly do lose control, but that time isn't now. You only wanted to help me, but part of me didn't want your help, and honestly, that feeling isn't new to me. This whole mind-sharing thing still feels a little scary, and after Miyako was able to fuck with me so easily...I forgot that I could trust you to protect me. I forgot that you're literally a part of me now."  
  
  
  
_I can't blame you for being a little afraid. I can't imagine what it must have been like to be controlled so completely, especially for someone who's only been sharing his mind with another being for little more than a week._  
  
  
  
"Maybe you should blame me. I know that it's your instinct to protect and submit to me, but I'm not perfect, not even close. When you got angry at me in the desert...that was what I needed, to let me know just how much of a stupid jackass I had been. It's okay to be pissed at me, especially after I insulted you, rejected your attempt to help me, and nearly got us all killed."  
  
  
  
Psymakio handed Cacnea to Graveler, and once her hands were free, she stopped Slash with an embrace. Despite the sparks of dark energy crawling across his skin, she held him tightly, without restraint or hesitation. _You're wrong, master. I was wrong to be angry with you then, and it would be wrong to be angry with you now. What you need is love, not a lecture._  
  
  
  
"I understand that it's natural for you to just forgive me, but...I yelled at you, and told you that your efforts to help me were unwelcome. I deserve a lot more than a mere lecture." Slash pried his mate off of him, shivering as warm skin was replaced by cold wind. "For humans...even Jirachians...when a guy is being cruel to a girl, especially someone who loves him...he deserves to get a slap across the face, not a hug. I deserve a beating far more than your sympathy, Gardevoir."  
  
  
  
\[If that's really what you want...\]  
  
  
  
Before anyone could react, Graveler struck Slash square in the back, and though the Pokemon used only a fraction of his strength, the trainer collapsed into the ash like a rag doll. After a moment of fluttery consciousness, Slash managed to push himself onto his hands and knees, eyes filled with stars and ears filled with a shrill ringing. He barely registered Cacnea's crying, Gardevoir teleporting between himself and Graveler, and Graveler calmly pushing his alpha female aside and handing her the child. The other Pokemon growled menacingly, uncertain if they should attack or not. They watched Psymakio and prepared to follow her lead. The air began to hum as psychic energy gathered around her.  
  
  
  
_What are you doing? Don't touch him!_  
  
  
  
Graveler ignored her. \[So, Slash, do you feel better? You've gotten what you deserve. Do you feel like you've been properly punished for your mistreatment of her? Is your self-pity satisfied?\]  
  
  
  
Slash crawled a few feet before falling again. His anger swelled, the door in his mind practically splintering under the force of his rage. Graveler pushed the boy down into the ash with one hard foot, refusing to let him get on his feet.  
  
  
  
\[Do you think this is helping you? Are you calmer? Are you less likely to lose your temper? Or are you aiming those powers at me, even though you know they have no effect on anything without a Dark heart?\] He pushed down a little harder, just enough to cause pain but not enough to cause any serious injury. \[Could it be that you're losing control yet again?\]  
  
  
  
Psychic energy swirled around Psymakio's body like a tornado, ash flying every which way. _Let him go, right now! Release my mate or I will blast you into rubble! You know it's not an idle threat!_  
  
  
  
\[Don't worry, he's fine. He just needs a wake-up call.\] Graveler stepped off of Slash and picked him up by the shirt, lifting the trainer to his feet. Both Graveler and Gardevoir could see the hate in Slash's eyes. \[So, do you think this is what you need? Because if you do, I can do it all day. You can aim those useless powers at me until you're completely drained and pass out, or you can realize that Gardevoir's not being kind to you out of fear, but because she knows it's the only way to get you under control. And until you admit that you're completely unbalanced and dangerous without her help, I'm not letting you go.\]  
  
  
  
Though Slash's powers were unable to affect Graveler, the Pokemon still felt the powerful forces of the Dark Core scanning him, seeking a dark heart to blank from existence. He hoped that he was right about its inability to harm him.  
  
  
  
"Release me, now!"  
  
  
  
\[Or what? You'll bloody your hands trying to punch me into submission? Go ahead, do it until the volcano blows. I'll probably survive it. Will you? Will the others?\]  
  
  
  
Psymakio's psychic aura dissolved as she understood what Graveler was doing. His physical demonstration, while blunt and brutal, was getting the message across far better and far faster than her sweet words could. Slash was right; there was a world of difference between the way humans acted and the way Pokemon did. Despite their earlier troubles, he was still inclined to judge things with human morality, and that would not be very helpful when he had a Pokemon for a mate. He misinterpreted her show of forgiveness as cowardice or weakness, not realizing that she was acting that way so she could keep his powers from spilling over until she could lock them down more permanently. She considered letting him know that she could have given him a similar treatment as the one Graveler was administering if she really wanted to, but decided that reminding him of that would only have the same effect as actually doing it.  
  
  
  
Slash squirmed in the rock Pokemon's grip for a few moments, fists pounding and dark powers raging, both equally useless. After a few moments of this outburst, he fell limp and turned to Gardevoir, his hearts fluctuating wildly. She did not flinch at the enraged look in his eyes.  
  
  
  
"Restrain me, Psymakio."  
  
  
  
\[I don't think she heard you,\] Graveler said, squeezing Slash a bit harder. \[Speak up.\]  
  
  
  
"Restrain me!" Slash yelled angrily, and for the first time Psymakio noticed the little marks on his fingertips, black and spider-like. They were little more than scratches, but for some reason they worried her greatly. "Please, restrain me," he repeated, now sounding exhausted. "I...can't do it myself. I'm trying, but...I can't." His eyes flickered to Graveler's stern face. "I need her. Without her, I'm...I'm nothing. Just a monster who needs a leash."  
  
  
  
\[Go ahead and rein him in, Gardevoir, and I'll let him go. He's no threat to any of us, but I'd rather not release him until he's back to normal. The fact that it was so easy to rile him up has me worried. I thought it'd take more than that to break his...door thing.\]  
  
  
  
She nodded, delving into Slash's mind and closing the loose door without much difficulty. The bitter anger in the bond dissipated like smoke. Once he was sure that the boy was back to normal, Graveler's fingers uncurled and dropped him onto the ground. Gardevoir was by his side in a flash, helping him to his feet.  
  
  
  
\[I may not be a psychic, and I may not be a Dark-type, but even I understand just how much you need her love to balance out your hate, Slash. Until you learn to control that power of yours, you need a leash. She can make one for you.\]  
  
  
  
Slash, held up by Psymakio and Manectric, nodded weakly. "I see that now. I'm sorry I didn't understand, Psymakio...and I'm sorry I tried to hurt you, Graveler, even if you were right about it being a waste of time." He managed to stand on his own, though his back burned from the effort. "Damn, you pack a hell of a punch even when you're not trying."  
  
  
  
\[Just remember that, the next time you think a beat down is all you need to learn from your mistakes. It only makes things worse.\]  
  
  
  
_Master, are you badly hurt?_  
  
  
  
"Just my pride. And my back. And my throat. Damn."  
  
  
  
Gardevoir lifted his shirt and surveyed the damage. _You seem to be mostly okay...just scrapes and what will probably become a nasty bruise. Take it easy for a minute._ She glared at the rock Pokemon, psychic power swelling within her. Graveler stepped back slowly, fully aware that she had not been bluffing about her ability to harm him. None of the other Pokemon, not even Corphish with his enormous type advantage, could thrash him as thoroughly as an angry Gardevoir could.  
  
  
  
"Leave him be, Gardie. He did what he thought was right. And in the end, it was. You were right all along, but it just didn't...get through as easily as his message."  
  
  
  
_Yes, master. I will spare him. But only because you wish me to._ She frowned and looked back at Graveler. _You are not to touch him again without my permission. Understood? An attack on my mate is the same as an attack on me, and I will react with my full power should you attempt it._  
  
  
  
Slash almost found the sight amusing, seeing the much larger and more imposing Pokemon shake his head and stare at his feet, in a show of submission that mirrored Psymakio's earlier one. But he and the other Pokemon were under no illusions; Gardevoir was powerful enough to beat any of them into the ground, and was completely willing to do so to protect her mate. Being physically fragile didn't stop her from packing an unstoppable psychic punch. Only Cacnea didn't seem a bit intimidated, finding her strong aura comforting, and waddled back to her. She picked him up and returned to Slash's side, helping him to lean back against the cliffside.  
  
  
  
"Was he right?" he asked quietly. "Are you only being so forgiving because yelling at me might upset my powers further? It's okay if you are...I'd understand..."  
  
  
  
_I'm being kind to you because you deserve kindness. I'm not stupid, master...I know that you only yelled at me because you were afraid and starting to lose control of yourself. Remember when we were fighting Maxie, and you yelled at me when Corphish was hurt? Even though our bond was much weaker then, I could still sense enough to know that it wasn't personal. You don't need to apologize, because I can look into your heart and know why you do it._  
  
  
  
"I know that. It's just that...you're the only girl I've ever loved. Everything I've ever been taught is disgusted at the thought of hurting your feelings, even if I'm under outside control. The submission thing almost makes it worse. I love how sweet and dedicated you can be, and I don't mind being a little dominant in matters of love...but part of me worries that if I am cruel to you, you'll just...accept it, and submit to whatever I do because I'm your mate." He looked away, unable to maintain eye contact without shivering. "After I yelled at you...you didn't seem understanding or forgiving. You were heartbroken. Even through our diminished bond, I could feel it. I'd rather get a dozen beatings from Graveler than make you feel that way."  
  
  
  
Psymakio bit her lip, unsure of how to explain it properly. _I admit that I was hurt. Telling a mate to stay out of the mating bond is very serious...it signifies a desire to end the mating. I knew, both logically and through our bond, that you didn't mean it that way, and you wouldn't ask me to reject the bond if you weren't under a great deal of stress, but...master, you're the only one I've ever loved, too. I've never had a lover snap at me and say such things. I wish that I could have understood that you weren't yourself and reacted differently...maybe things at the camp would have gone differently...but you're not the only one with doubts._  
  
  
  
Slash nodded, understanding her point but not liking it. It was true, then. He had hurt her, yet again, and yet again she was staying by his side. Everything he'd been taught about caring for a woman raged at the thought of it.  
  
  
  
_Don't hate yourself for this, master. Just because you were capable of resisting the veil's effects doesn't mean that it was easy to do so, especially after all we've been through lately. We all make mistakes, and if we don't forgive each other for them, we're never going to make it through this mess. Contrary to what you think, I am able to protect myself from an abusive mate. Thankfully, however, I do not have one. My mate is sweet and caring, and I am certain that your dark heart will fade in strength as our love continues to grow. Just have faith in me, master. I'll get you through the darkness._  
  
  
  
"I don't deserve a mate like you, Psymakio. You're too good for me."  
  
  
  
\[But you have her anyway,\] Graveler rumbled. \[It's pointless to get caught up in self-pity when so much is on the line. Slash, you're sorry about what happened, right?\]  
  
  
  
"Yes."  
  
  
  
\[And Gardevoir, you forgive him?\]  
  
  
  
_Yes._  
  
  
  
\[Then what are we still standing around here for?\]  
  
  
  
In spite of his lingering regret, Slash couldn't help but smile. Graveler was blunt, but he was a lot more intelligent than some would give him credit for. The other Pokemon nodded in agreement with Graveler's sentiment.  
  
  
  
\[You don't have to worry,\] Growlithe said. \[We're not going to let anything happen to either of you. We've been through a lot in our years, Slash, and just because this is a lot more dangerous than running around in the backyard doesn't mean I'll abandon you.\]  
  
  
  
\[Your dark powers might be scary,\] Corphish chittered, \[but you're not going through this metamorphosis alone. Me and you, we'll work through the goods and the bads of it together. And when Cacnea grows up, we'll both help him through the same thing.\]  
  
  
  
\[Just have faith in us,\] Manectric said. \[Trust yourself to control what you can. Trust Gardevoir to control what you cannot. Anything else, we'll get through together.\]  
  
  
  
_And as much as I hate it...I won't forget my promise to you. I think you'll find it easier to move forward if you know that I won't let you hurt anyone else._  
  
  
  
Graveler nodded, hoping that Gardevoir wouldn't be even more angry with him for agreeing. \[None of us will. We trust you with our lives, Slash. You can trust us with your own.\]  
  
  
  
Slash looked at his team, and instead of seeing a group of Pokemon he saw something different. They were friends, family, confidantes that he trusted more than he ever thought was possible. From the Pokemon who had kept him safe in the dark as a child to the one who loved him through the night, they loved him. He was more at home now than he ever was in Oldale, and he could understand why his father had lived this life for so long.  
  
  
  
"Alright. I trust you. All of you. And yeah, maybe I don't deserve such a loyal group of friends, but I have them nonetheless, and I won't let you down. Let's go."  
  
  
  
Taking Psymakio's hand and making sure that Cacnea was secured on Graveler's head, the pack continued to head west.  
  
  
  
----------------  
  
  
  
It was quiet.  
  
  
  
Too quiet.  
  
  
  
Under normal circumstances, the route between the desert and Fallarbor was filled with activity. The Pokemon that lived here were rugged, busy creatures that nested in the mountainsides and caves that littered the pass.  
  
  
  
Now, however, the region was dull and lifeless. Not a single Sandshrew peeked out of the deep ash. No Spinda kept uneasy watch over the strange pack from the dark cracks in the rocks. No Skarmory flew overhead, debating on whether or not to eat the cactus on the rock Pokemon's head. It was like a tomb.  
  
  
  
"Does anyone else find this creepy?" Slash asked, eyes glancing over the landscape and trying to find the ambushers he knew must be there. "This place is dead. Even the trees are brown and dying."  
  
  
  
_The increased ash must be too heavy for anything to survive. The Pokemon must have either died or fled deeper into the northern mountains, because I don't sense any lifesigns other than our own._  
  
  
  
They passed by a small pond that was devoid of life and foul-looking. The floating corpses of Magikarp and Barboach served as sufficient warning of the water quality. The sight (and smell) was terrible; not every Pokemon had the option of fleeing.  
  
  
  
As the hours marched on, the day warmed slightly. Still, with no sunlight breaking through the churning curtain of ash, the air was still bitingly cold for the ill-prepared travelers. Cacnea now rode atop of Growlithe, basking in his warmth, and Slash and Psymakio wore blankets over their shoulders like shawls. The other Pokemon handled the cold somewhat better, though all members of the pack now had small psychic shields over their mouths and noses, as breathing was becoming difficult without them.  
  
  
  
Any thoughts of making love in the ashlands had left Slash and Psymakio's minds long ago. The ash was harsh and abrasive, the particles ranging from the size of sand grains to the size of small pebbles. It stubbornly clung to their hair and bodies, scratching painfully when they attempted to brush it off. The ponds that dotted the pass became more and more rare as they headed west, and their water reserves were too low to waste on bathing, especially when they'd only get dirty again within minutes. Slash had never wanted a bath more in his life. Psymakio, usually not very self-conscious about her looks, felt embarrassed and disgusted at her condition.  
  
  
  
The terrain wasn't terribly rugged, though more than once the pack had to detour around an outcropping of fallen boulders or a sheer upthrust of rock. The low light made navigation difficult. Around noon, they began to notice flashes of lightning in the distance, and the more auditory-inclined Pokemon picked up on an almost constant rumble of far-off thunder.  
  
  
  
\[I don't like it,\] Manectric said. \[It feels different than the lightning that comes with a storm. I can smell a lot of sulfur, too, and it's...not very pleasant.\]  
  
  
  
Slash glanced at the thunder runner, a bit concerned. "Do you smell anything that might be dangerous? Fumes or whatever?"  
  
  
  
\[No, but that might not mean anything. Some poisonous gases are odorless and invisible.\]  
  
  
  
\[We haven't seen any corpses of land-dwellers,\] Growlithe pointed out. \[If there had been a gas drop, we probably would have found something, at least. Unless it came after the land-dwellers had already fled, and that's what killed the aquatic Pokemon.\]  
  
  
  
"Gardie, do you think you could shield us if we did detect something poisonous?"  
  
  
  
_I don't think so. Blocking a solid is one thing, but I've never adjusted a shield to repel gas before. It's too diffuse._ She experimentally created a small bubble of energy in the air, then dissolved it with a frustrated sigh. _I suppose that I could make a shield that could block poisonous gases, but it would block everything, including oxygen. If I made the shield too small, we'd run out of air...and if I made it too big, I'd run out of energy. Let's hope it doesn't come down to that._  
  
  
  
"Yeah. If the poison does drop, we'll make a run for one of the caves. It should be easier for you to block a cave entrance than make a bubble around all of us. There should be enough air to...Corphish? Are you alright?"  
  
  
  
Slash and the Pokemon looked at the small crab on Graveler's head, who was clutching his chest with a claw and breathing laboredly. Gardevoir checked the shield around him, but it appeared to be intact.  
  
  
  
\[I...I don't know what's wrong. All of a sudden, I feel really sick. Graveler, let me off, I think I'm gonna hurl---\]  
  
  
  
Gardevoir plucked Corphish off and gently set him on a rock sticking out of the ash. Her first thought was of gas, but if that was the case, why was Corphish the only one reacting to it? He certainly wasn't the most physically vulnerable member of their pack. _Master, his mental signature is starting to fade. I can barely sense him at all._  
  
  
  
Slash dropped his pack onto the ground and began digging for the last box of medicine, but before he could find it, he felt Corphish's aura disappear completely. He looked up in a panic, expecting to find his friend dead or dying, but the crab was still alive, panting and clinging to the rock. Slash switched to his dark progging and found that he could sense Corphish easily.  
  
  
  
"I think I know what's happening to him."  
  
  
  
\[What?\] Graveler asked, looking more worried than when Gardevoir had threatened to kill him. \[Is he going to be okay?\]  
  
  
  
"He'll be fine. Corphish, I think you'll be able to help me research my dark powers sooner than you thought."  
  
  
  
Gardevoir was the first to comprehend his words. _He's evolving, isn't he? That's why I can't sense him. He's becoming a Dark-type._  
  
  
  
\[Damn, this hurts...did it hurt for any of you?\]  
  
  
  
Graveler, Manectric, and Gardevoir exchanged a look and shook their heads. Evolution had not been painful for them; on the contrary, it had felt wonderful, filling their bodies with newfound power.  
  
  
  
Slash knelt down and put a hand on the creature's shell. "You're resisting the transformation, that's why it hurts. Just give in to it and let it happen. If anything goes wrong, I'm right here. If I could jump-start Cacnea's heart, I can guide you through this, easy. Just trust me."  
  
  
  
\[Aren't you supposed to repress my evolution? Keep me from being...tainted?\]  
  
  
  
"Fuck what other people think. This is all you, buddy. Go for it. No regrets."  
  
  
  
Corphish closed his eyes, and a blinding glow erupted from his body, pushing everyone back as though it was a physical force. The dark-based signature exploded with power, invisible to Psymakio but like a neon sign to Slash, who smiled warmly at the feeling of so much strength. It was almost like how he felt when Psymakio charged herself up; a sort of instinctive, paternal pride at how strong his packmate had become. When the light finally faded, a much larger and heavily armored Pokemon was perched on the rock, breathing easily and without nausea.  
  
  
  
\[Is it over?\]  
  
  
  
"I think so, buddy. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you...Crawdaunt." Slash clapped the lobster on the back, a bit surprised at just how hard the shell was. "You look great, and I can sense how much stronger you are. You feel alright?"  
  
  
  
\[I think so,\] Crawdaunt replied, snapping his claws together with loud clacks and grinning at the strength in them. \[I already had traces of darkness in me before, but now it's like I have a whole other arsenal at my command. I'll have to start practicing, so I'm as good with dark powers as I am with water and brawling.\]  
  
  
  
"How about aggression?"  
  
  
  
\[I don't feel any more aggressive. Maybe it's because there's nothing around here to fight.\]  
  
  
  
"You'll have your chance to fight, believe me. And when all of this is over, we'll find somewhere a lot less hostile and do some training. Maybe you and Graveler can spar again, too."  
  
  
  
\[We might have to wait until he evolves again. He never was good at handling my...aquatic mastery.\]  
  
  
  
Graveler smirked. \[We'll see, buddy.\]  
  
  
  
\[Will he still get to fight trainers now that he's evolved?\] Manectric asked. \[A lot of people are going to be...uncomfortable with him.\]  
  
  
  
Crawdaunt looked at Slash, suddenly less excited about his evolution. The trainer looked back and nodded. "Yeah, he can still fight. Legally, no one can stop us. The Pokemon League allows Dark-types to fight in sanctioned matches now, and if regular trainers don't want to fight me, it's their loss. Crawdaunt, no matter what anyone says, don't be ashamed of what you are. Be proud that you're so strong."  
  
  
  
\[Don't worry, I am. And I won't let anyone push me or you around. We're dark brothers now, huh?\]  
  
  
  
Slash liked the term. It may not have conjured images of heroes, but so what? "You got it."  
  
  
  
Cacnea gurgled and walked up to Crawdaunt, not the least bit afraid of the dark aura. It felt natural to him. Slash smiled as Crawdaunt gently picked up the child with those huge claws and swung him around in the air. The Jirachians were wrong. Maybe Dark-types could be dangerous, and maybe their power was harder to control than it was for other types of Pokemon, but...they were capable of controlling their strength. Every type had its weaknesses, and aggression and difficulty in control was Dark's. It was just a matter of discipline.  
  
  
  
He looked over to Psymakio, who was standing farther away and watching the two Dark-inclined Pokemon in silence. A bit of fear was flowing through the bond. Slash came to her and took her hand, letting just a trace of darkness seep into their connection to remind her that he wasn't much different from them.  
  
  
  
"He's not going to hurt you, you know. He's still the same guy."  
  
  
  
_I know, master. It's just...I can't sense him. Not at all. Knowing that there's a Pokemon as strong as him right next to me, and yet still being unable to sense him...it's..._  
  
  
  
"A little scary. It's alright, I understand."  
  
  
  
Crawdaunt noticed his alpha's hesitation. He could guess why she wasn't rushing to congratulate him like the others. Deciding to take things slowly, he waved at her, staying where he was. \[Are you all right, Gardevoir?\]  
  
  
  
She didn't respond. Slash realized that she didn't respond because she hadn't heard him at all. He adjusted the mating bond slightly, hoping that Psymakio would be able to hear Crawdaunt through his own mind, as he had been able to communicate with the Sandshrew in the desert through hers. If it didn't work, they still had verbal communication.  
  
  
  
"Crawdaunt, talk to her again. She couldn't hear you the first time because you're a Dark-type. I think I've worked out a way around it, though."  
  
  
  
\[All right. Gardevoir, can you hear me?\]  
  
  
  
_Yes..._  
  
  
  
\[I can guess why you're not coming closer,\] Crawdaunt said privately, so no one but Slash and her could hear him. \[It's okay. You have very good reason to be a little afraid of me. Hell, I'm a little afraid of myself...this dark energy feels so pent-up, it's hard to get used to it. But I'm not going to hurt you, I promise.\]  
  
  
  
_I know that, but..._  
  
  
  
\[We'll take it slow, alright? It's hard enough for you to deal with Slash's dark powers, and you can see into his damn soul. Being near a Pokemon that you can't detect, the same kind that hurt your family...don't worry, I won't take it personally.  
  
  
  
_But you're not the same kind that hurt them,_ Gardevoir whispered, ashamed. _You're just the same type. How am I any better than those who believe all Dark-types are tainted? Am I supposed to flinch every time a Dark-type walks by? How can I protect my loved ones if I can barely stand to be around some of them?_  
  
  
  
\[I know that you'll protect me, even if you're scared. That's your way. I'll try to make sure that you don't have to. Let's just take it one step at a time.\]  
  
  
  
She peeked at the physically imposing Pokemon from her mate's embrace, not missing Crawdaunt's saddened posture. Her protective instincts quarreled with her fear. Despite being terribly afraid of him, she felt miserable at how she was treating him. Slipping from Slash's arms, she took a reluctant step towards Crawdaunt.  
  
  
  
_No. I need to get over this fear now. We can't rush into battle if we're not completely united, and we can't be united if I'm shying away from you._  
  
  
  
\[You don't have to force yourself---\]  
  
  
  
Gardevoir stepped away from Slash and continued walking towards Crawdaunt. Every step felt like willingly sticking her head inside a predator's jaws, but she kept walking. When she was a few feet away, she stopped, looking at the lobster and telling herself that she had no reason to be afraid. This wasn't the same kind of beast that killed her mother and siblings; he was someone who had fought alongside her and her pack since she was a Ralts, and being afraid just because she couldn't prog him was unfair and wrong. Crawdaunt took a few slow steps toward her and stretched out a closed claw. Slash watched nervously, hoping that Gardevoir wouldn't suddenly panic and Thunderbolt him.  
  
  
  
\[This claw is for protecting you, Gardevoir, not hurting you.\]  
  
  
  
She reached out and touched the armored shell, fingers trembling as she felt something---some vague presence---coming from his body. The veil, of course. She couldn't sense pure dark energy, but the strange chaotic energy of the veil was just different enough that she could detect its vibrations. He didn't appear to notice the webbing yet, which was probably for the best. Crawdaunt stood motionless, not wanting to startle her.  
  
  
  
_I...I won't pretend that I'll be comfortable around you anytime soon. I wish that I could be, I really do. But I'll try not to be afraid of you._  
  
  
  
\[That's all I can ask for. I'll try to remember not to accidentally scare you, either.\]  
  
  
  
_Are we still friends?_  
  
  
  
\[Of course we are. Don't ask silly questions like that.\]  
  
  
  
The Pokemon released each other, and the others breathed sighs of relief. Cacnea didn't understand what all the fuss was about, or why his mother could deal with his father's aura but not Crawdaunt's, but he was still pleased when the tension drained out of the air. With another wielder of dark energy in the pack, he actually felt much safer.  
  
  
  
"Well, if everyone's okay now, we should get going again." Slash slung his backpack over his shoulders and returned to Gardevoir's side. She was still shaking a bit, but she nonetheless looked a lot better than right after the evolution. It took a lot of bravery for her to come to Crawdaunt so quickly, and he was proud of her. Considering that Cacnea would one day be a Dark-type as well, it was good for her to get used to it now. "Crawdaunt, you think you can keep up on your own? I doubt you can fit on Graveler's head anymore."  
  
  
  
\[It'll take me a while to get used to this new body, but yeah, I think I can. I just wish there was something to fight out here. I'd like to get used to fighting in this form before we reach Fallarbor.\]  
  
  
  
"Maybe we'll have a little sparring when we camp out tonight. But for now, let's just keep moving."  
  
  
  
The pack, stronger in spite of its instability, continued onward.  
  
  
  
--------------------  
  
  
  
It didn't take long for Crawdaunt to get his wish. As the sky began to darken with evening's approach, Gardevoir felt a massive source of power approaching their position. She couldn't determine what it was, but it was moving fast.  
  
  
  
_Master..._  
  
  
  
"I feel it, too. Damn, I wish it wasn't so dark out here. Everyone stay alert. There are lots of directions it could come from."  
  
  
  
Graveler and Crawdaunt stood protectively around Cacnea, who was staying low to the ground and keeping quiet, content to let the adults protect him. Growlithe and Manectric prowled the area, but the sulfur and ash prevented them from picking up any other scents. The presence moved closer, seemed to be right on top of them, and then stopped.  
  
  
  
\[Gardevoir! Watch out!\]  
  
  
  
Crawdaunt had moved next to Psymakio without her noticing, and she squealed in blind panic as the lobster pushed her into the ash. A tremendous thud rang out from where she'd been standing as two armored bodies collided. She climbed out of the ash and clung to Slash, who had pulled out a flashlight and was trying to get a glimpse of what had attacked them.  
  
  
  
A vague shadow flew through the air, twisting and banking like a lunatic on the icy breeze. As it turned back towards the ground and dove, a flash of lightning briefly silhouetted it against the sky. Whatever it was, it appeared to be fifteen feet across and had at least a dozen wings, and its predatory cry sounded like a cross between an Aggron and a screaming human child.  
  
  
  
"Growlithe, stay with Graveler and keep Cacnea safe! Manectric, to me! If you get a clear shot, blast it!"  
  
  
  
\[Understood!\]  
  
  
  
The beast dove at Crawdaunt, striking him hard and sending both bodies rolling across the dusty ground. Razored claws scrabbled wildly at his armor, trying to disembowel him, but the monster was unable to tear through the thick shell. Manectric circled the brawling pair, looking for an opportunity to strike. Crawdaunt kicked the bird off and fired two powerful jets of water at it; before they could hit home, it was already back in the air, far more agilely than was physically possible. Slash turned on his dark progging, giving him a clearer look at his surroundings, and he realized with a start that the monster was flying on the veil's webbing, not the air currents.  
  
  
  
"I think it's a corrupted Pokemon!" Slash yelled, trying to keep it in sight against the nearly black sky. "Manectric, try to hit it before it comes back around!"  
  
  
  
A blast of lightning tore into the sky, but the corrupted Pokemon danced easily around the bolts, lunging back down and screeching in rage. This time Manectric seemed to be the target. Electricity flew through the air, lighting up the mountain pass, but not a single attack managed to hit; the monster, despite its size, was simply too fast. It swept down and sent Manectric crashing into the rocky cliffside in a plume of ash and debris, the Pokemon's static body barely phasing the creature. Gardevoir teleported to Manectric's side and tried to sense how badly he was injured, but in the low light, and with the creature giving off some sort of sense-scrambling dampening field, all she could tell was that he was barely conscious and bleeding.  
  
  
  
Letting out a chattering cry of rage, Crawdaunt leapt on top of the monster and gripped its uppermost wings in his claws, trying to pry them apart. The two grappled for control, but despite Crawdaunt weighing a good seventy pounds, the bird was slowly taking to the air once again.  
  
  
  
"Get off of him now!" Slash yelled, reaching for a Pokeball. "I'll try to stun him!"  
  
  
  
\[No! I'm going to rip his fucking wings off!\] Crawdaunt growled, putting all of his strength into his claws. There was a sickening tear and the sound of ripping metal, and then the Pokemon intentionally flew at the mountainside, spinning around at the last moment so Crawdaunt was slammed into the hard rock. He fell a dozen feet and hit the ground with a terrible crash a few yards from where a dazed Manectric was only now climbing to his feet.  
  
  
  
\[We're getting slaughtered!\] Graveler yelled. \[Withdraw Cacnea so me and Growlithe can go at it!\]  
  
  
  
Slash nodded, knowing that this would likely frighten the child but knowing that there was no other choice. He quickly withdrew Cacnea, setting the Pokeball to stasis mode so that the trauma would be minimal. "Be careful, you two! I'll check on Gardevoir and the others!"  
  
  
  
\[Got it! Come on!\]  
  
  
  
Graveler and Growlithe roared loudly into the sky, hoping to goad the monster into attacking them instead of finishing off Manectric or Crawdaunt. It seemed to work; if the beast had a weakness, it was that it was easily irritated. It plunged through the air, claws whistling, and Graveler swung his fist with all of his strength a split second before it hit them. The bird struck the ground, stunned, and Growlithe let out a blast of flame that scorched the ash and set the dry grass beneath it alight. Despite the viciousness of the corrupted Pokemon, its cries of pain were terrible to hear.  
  
  
  
Just when it looked like the battle was over, the monster flew out of the flames, accelerating unnaturally fast and slamming into both Pokemon at nearly sixty miles an hour. Graveler flew backwards, blood trickling from a jagged cut in his stony armor. Growlithe was only clipped by the strike, but even that glancing blow managed to draw blood. Slash cursed the low light, wishing that he could see his Pokemon clearly for just a few seconds and see how bad the damage was. The Pokemon were moving too quickly for his flashlight to be of any use.  
  
  
  
The bird flew straight up without flapping its wings, ignoring the rules of flight, and took aim at its original target once more. Gardevoir gulped, trembling, and lit up her psychic aura, charging herself to full strength. With Manectric out, she could not use Thunderbolt, so she hoped that her psychic powers would be enough. Judging from how the monster shrugged off the entire team's previous attacks, she doubted that it would be.  
  
  
  
Slash ran to Gardevoir's side, heedless of the danger, and opened his dark progging as far as it could go. The creature was infused with dark energy, yet it was not a Dark-type; its heart was more like the veil than Crawdaunt or himself. Still...  
  
  
  
"I'm going to try to blank it. If it works, you'll be injured...but if it doesn't..."  
  
  
  
_Try. I survived you doing it twice before. Hurry._  
  
  
  
He focused on the monster's heart, trying to sync his own energy with the corrupted aura. It didn't work, though; the difference, while small, was enough to stymie his unfamiliar powers. He suspected that he would likewise be unable to shield against any Dark-type attacks that the bird might use. "It's not working. We'll have to take it down the old-fashioned way. When it's right on top of us, I'll throw a Pokeball at it with the emergency release settings off. You blow the ball to pieces before it breaks out."  
  
  
  
_Yes, master. And if that doesn't work?_  
  
  
  
"Then I don't think we'll have to worry about my reduced lifespan."  
  
  
  
The mates stood close, drawing on each other's courage. The corrupted Pokemon dove downward, powerful wings spread, and when it was mere seconds from hitting them, Slash threw the ball. It opened, flooding the monster with its restraining light. For a moment it appeared to be working, but then the beast let out a pulse of destructive energy that shattered the ball into a million pieces of burnt plastic and metal, and then it continued its dive with a triumphant screech. Psymakio threw a flurry of full-powered Psychic attacks, all of which it dodged effortlessly. She desperately tried to create a barrier to protect themselves, but there was simply no time.  
  
  
  
A split second before both of them were torn apart, a man-sized Pokemon, coated in flame, appeared out of nowhere and kicked the bird out of the sky. It struck the ground, coated in far more fire than Growlithe had produced, squawking in agony and outrage. Before it had a chance to take to the sky again, the Pokemon lunged at the monster and gripped it by the neck with flaming arms, squeezing and twisting. There was a loud and metallic snap that echoed through the pass, and then the beast fell silent. The victorious Pokemon dropped it to the ground and knelt by the corpse, examining it as the flames died down.  
  
  
  
_What is it, master?_ Gardevoir asked in a psychic whisper. _I've never seen a Pokemon like that. It must be fiercely powerful to defeat that monster so easily._  
  
  
  
"It looks like a Blaziken. They're rare in the wild, and don't live anywhere near here, so it must belong to a trainer."  
  
  
  
"He does."  
  
  
  
Slash and Gardevoir spun around and saw a young woman, framed against the dark sky and lit up by flashes of lightning, standing twenty feet above them on the rocky hillside. A belt of Pokeballs was hanging low on her waist, but they could see little else in the low light. "I am the Gym Leader of Lavaridge, Flanner---oh, shit!"  
  
  
  
She slipped on the crumbling edge and fell, fumbling wildly at her Pokeballs. The Blaziken leapt from its quarry and sprinted towards her, but he was clearly too far away to reach her in time. Slash stretched out his arms to try and grab her, but a battered and grumbling Crawdaunt pushed him out of the way and made the save instead, catching her in his powerful claws.  
  
  
  
\[Smooth, this one,\] Crawdaunt muttered sarcastically, helping the Blaziken get the girl on her feet. \[A Gym Leader, she said? Doubt it.\]  
  
  
  
"Whew, that was a close one," Flannery exclaimed, flashing a smile at Crawdaunt, unaware of his opinion of her. "Good catch."  
  
  
  
Psymakio formed a ball of latent psychic energy in her hand, covering the area in a pale blue light. Slash gathered his Pokemon together and checked them for injuries. None were seriously wounded, though the deep gauge in Graveler's chest would probably take quite some time to heal. Once satisfied that none of them were terribly injured, Slash released Cacnea, who was a bit confused at the sudden change in location but otherwise unphased. His team reunited, he turned his attention to the young woman who had apparently saved their lives.  
  
  
  
She wasn't much older than Slash was himself, but (clumsy introduction aside) she was nonetheless clearly of Gym Leader caliber. Judging from the numerous scratches and the thick layer of dirt on her, she had been in the ashlands for a while, too. Still, even banged up as she was, she had a fierce, proud beauty about her. With her long red hair and full, athletic body, Slash found her beautiful. If he hadn't been mated already, he might have found her stunning. He gave Psymakio a pulse of reassurance, reminding her that he was hers and hers only, and suggested that any jealous growling would not be wise around a Gym Leader.  
  
  
  
_I know, master, but don't get too close to her or I might not be able to help myself. Remember that you belong to me._  
  
  
  
**So much for me being the dominant one,** Slash replied, amused. **I'll keep a healthy distance from her. Besides, that Blaziken looks like he'd rip my arm off if I tried to touch her.**  
  
  
  
_Try to touch her and I'll help him do it._  
  
  
  
Slash smiled, pleased at Psymakio's possessiveness. It was a sign of a good mate. He turned to the young woman, careful not to make any sudden moves that might get him blasted or torched.  
  
  
  
"Maybe you should give your introduction again, miss. Now that you're on ground level and all."  
  
  
  
"You're right, good idea." She grinned and gave a slight bow. "I am Flannery, Gym Leader of Lavaridge. This is Blaziken, my Kaishakunin. We noticed that you were in need of some assistance."  
  
  
  
"I'm Slash Firestorm, from Oldale, and I appreciate your help. I don't know what you're doing out in the Ashlands, but I'm glad you showed up when you did. That thing was about to kill us all."  
  
  
  
"What are _you_ doing here, anyway? I didn't think anyone but me could get through the Fiery Path in its current condition."  
  
  
  
"We didn't come through the Fiery Path. We went through the desert."  
  
  
  
Flannery whistled, impressed. "The desert, huh? Not many trainers could go through there, either. I thought your team looked impressive. Nice and diverse. So why did you come all this way?"  
  
  
  
"We're headed to Fallarbor, to investigate the disturbance. We have reason to believe that we might be able to undo this catastrophe."  
  
  
  
"What do you mean, undo it?"  
  
  
  
Slash looked at the corpse of the monstrosity, suddenly realizing how dark it was getting. Under the ash column, night would be as dark as ink. "It's...a long conversation. Maybe we should set up camp somewhere and exchange notes then. I don't know if there are more of those things around, but I'd rather not confront another one in the dead of night."  
  
  
  
"Alright. We have a camp nearby. It's a cave, but it's big enough for both of our teams. Follow me."  
  
  
  
"Wait just a second. I want to check out the corpse. I need to know what it was."  
  
  
  
Flannery scanned the lightning-strobed sky nervously, then nodded. "Alright, but let's make it fast. Dark's coming on quick, and they'll be coming out in greater numbers. And those things have an annoying tendency to come back to life."  
  
  
  
Slash looked at her to see if she was joking, but there was no humor in Flannery's eyes. Keeping a hand on the handle of his knife, he and the others walked cautiously over to the slain monster's body. Even dead, its aura persisted, a twisted strain of dark energy that was clearly unnatural. Slash suspected that he knew what the beast was, and what it had been originally, but he had to know for sure. Flashlights and flame lit up the body, and his suspicions were confirmed.  
  
  
  
"It was a Skarmory at one point," Slash observed. "It's got an extra pair of wings and a mouthful of teeth. And it's definitely bigger than it should be. A lot bigger."  
  
  
  
Flannery knelt down and moved one of the heavy metal wings. "There are weird lines on its chest and face. They look like spiderwebs. Just like the others we've seen."  
  
  
  
The others moved to take a closer look, none noticing Slash slip on a pair of gloves. No need to worry them about that yet. Not here. Not in the dark.  
  
  
  
_Oh, gross...master, take a look at its back..._  
  
  
  
Psymakio moved her psychic beacon and lit up the Skarmory's back, exposing what appeared to be some sort of external tumor near the tail. It bulged out, bubbly and twisted, exposing part of its spine. Slash looked away from the tumor with disgust. "The inside of its mouth is torn up. It may have grown fangs, but its mouth wasn't built for them. As strong as it was, it wasn't going to survive very much longer like this. The corruption was killing it."  
  
  
  
"I take it you know something about this?" Flannery asked. "This is the third mutant we've fought since we got to the ashlands a couple days ago, and the first one that we recognized. The others were so mangled that we didn't realize that they were once normal Pokemon."  
  
  
  
Slash nodded, a bit ill at the sight of the creature. "Let's go to your shelter and I'll tell you what I can. If more of these things come out at night, I want to be somewhere safe."  
  
  
  
As they turned away and began walking towards Flannery's shelter, Blaziken blew a tremendous gust of flame at the corpse, slightly melting the armor and welding the joints together. Even if it did come back to life, it would not be able to move, let alone fight. Considering that both of the previous monsters they'd killed had resurrected several times each, it was a wise precaution. Still, it didn't seem like enough. He waited until Flannery was out of sight, and then he removed the creature's head.  
  
  
  
Better safe than sorry.  
  
  
  
Uncomfortable with his mate being alone with a strange pack of reasonably powerful Pokemon, Blaziken ran to catch up, missing the brief twitch in the corpse's wings as some sort of vile, monstrous life tried to reanimate the headless body, failed, and melted back into the darkness.  
  
  
  
----------------  
  
  
  
To be continued.
