
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

Somewhere in the vast and untamed wild grasslands of Route 119, a group of travelers hunched together around a campfire that gleamed like a jewel in the dark. Its warmth and steady crackle helped ease their minds a bit, but not enough for them to be ignorant of how unusually and eerily quiet this particular night was. Even the wild Pokemon in this region of the world seemed to understand what was coming, and were all acting accordingly.  



Predators were choosing to forsake the night's hunting and hunker down with their food reserves. Den-dwellers were using the time to dig their tunnels deeper and shore up the entrances. And despite normally being solitary creatures, the large and intimidating (and surprisingly docile) Tropius were huddled in clusters around trees, using their broad bodies to give each other comfort and warmth. None of the route's inhabitants bothered to harass the pack gathered around the fire; the travelers were tough and battle-hardened, and with the smell of rain and lightning in the air, the wild Pokemon had no desire to be injured before the storm. The few Tropius that were still awake quietly watched the group, shy and curious.  



On one side of the fire, Crawdaunt and Graveler were roughhousing, as usual; the months of constant travel and battle had not dampened their competitive rivalry. Manectric lay in a quiet bundle a few yards away, looking into the pitch-black clouds that were flowing from the eastern sky, literally feeling the gathering storm's slow and unstoppable approach. Across the makeshift campsite, Slash and Gardevoir sat close together, laying back against Arcanine's warm body, keeping their composure by taking comfort in their bond. It was an otherwise normal night's camping for the pack, except for the worried buzz coming out of the Pokenav in Slash's lap.  



"Hey, shush, you two! I'm trying to listen!"  



Crawdaunt and Graveler reluctantly ceased their brawling and quieted down. Gardevoir put a hand on Slash's shoulder, trying to ease his worry...although, honestly, she was just as concerned as he was. Every night they'd spent on this route had been almost maddeningly loud with the bustle of the nightlife...but tonight, with the cloudy sky and humid air, it was as silent as death. Everything was hunkering down, battening down the hatches, because everything could sense what was coming on the wind. Slash turned up the volume on the Pokenav and all the campsite's inhabitants listened in.  



"The unusual spring appearance of the storm, now classified as Hurricane Azalea, continues to leave meteorologists and residents of southern Hoenn in a stunned uproar. While Azalea is only a category one storm and is not expected to increase in strength before landfall, few areas are prepared for such an early hurricane. Wind speeds are currently at 83 miles per hour, with storm surges expected to reach four to six feet in Slateport, where the center of the storm is currently projected to make landfall at ten A.M. Heavy winds and rainfall will begin an hour prior to landfall. Mauville will escape the full brunt of the storm, but the city will still experience hurricane force winds, and heavy rain will cause localized flooding in the region. Residents of both cities are advised to take shelter immediately. All traveling trainers within the region who are not able to reach town before the storm hits should take cover on high ground, particularly near the coastline. Rescue teams will be sent out as soon as the storm passes, but damage along routes 110, 118, and south 119 is expected to be significant."  



_This is bad, isn't it?_ Gardevoir asked in a wavery voice. She wasn't familiar with the term 'hurricane', but could still understand that this would be a very powerful storm, much more powerful than the ones she remembered from her childhood.  



"Yeah. Hurricane season is supposed to be months off. Even tropical storms this early are exceedingly rare. It might not be that bad compared to other hurricanes, but it's still bad for us."  



The members of the pack exchanged nervous looks. Slash tapped some buttons on the Pokenav to switch to map mode, measuring the distance between their current position and Mauville. When he finished his mental calculations and looked up, all eyes were staring at him. He tried to smile, but he was worried, too.  



"If we start moving at seven, we should get in Mauville just before the storm does. Arcanine, you'll have to make good time, but...I think we can make it."  



_Master, if you're not sure, maybe we should take shelter out here. If we go towards Mauville, we'll be heading toward the storm, not away from it._  



"I know, but there's much better protection in town. It's almost all flatland out here, and even if we started for the northern cliffs now, we still wouldn't make it." He gave her an apologetic smile. "I'm sorry that you'll have to spend your birthday running from a storm, but...we've got no choice, sweetheart."  



She nodded in understanding, folding herself into his embrace. _As long as we make it through this safely, I'll be happy. Don't worry about me, master._  



Slash looked at the rest of his pack. "Okay, here's how it's going to go down. I'm going to wake us up at six sharp, so get as much sleep as you can tonight. We're going to have a very quick breakfast. I want us to be packed up and moving by seven at the absolute latest. We need to go fast, so I'm going to Pokeball the three of you," he gestured at Crawdaunt, Graveler, and Manectric, "and me and Psymakio will ride Arcanine."  



"Tornado formation within the storm area is another major concern, with---"  



He quickly shut the Pokenav off, grimacing at the thought of the sky suddenly sweeping down and taking their lives. He'd always had a healthy respect for nature, but now, outside and miles from civilization, he was slowly developing a healthy fear of it. "Tomorrow is going to be rough, guys, I'm not going to say it won't be. But we've handled rough before. I'm confident that we'll make it."  



\[I'm not worried,\] Manectric said happily, still staring into the horizon. \[It feels...exciting. Wonderful.\]  



\[Well, if we get struck by lightning, we're well and good,\] Graveler snorted. \[If they get struck by lightning...\]  



\[Point taken. Still, it's exciting. I want to be out of my Pokeball when we leave tomorrow. I can keep up.\]  



"Fine, fine. Now, if we leave around seven, we should get into town around nine, just before the storm really starts picking up. So we need to leave on time. No horsing around, got it?"  



Graveler and Crawdaunt saw the direction of their trainer's eyes and nodded. Slash smiled, satisfied. "Alright, everyone clear on how tomorrow's gonna go? Good. Now try to get some sleep."  



As the Pokemon got themselves as comfortable as possible on beds of threshed grass and dirt, Slash tossed the last of the firewood into the campfire and returned to Gardevoir's side. Arcanine nuzzled them both and then lay his head down on his paws, quickly drifting to sleep. Gardevoir smiled at her mate. _He's been pushing his endurance lately. He'll be pushing it more tomorrow._  



"Well, once we get to Mauville tomorrow, he'll be able to take the rest of the day off," Slash whispered, not wanting to disturb his sleeping mount. "He deserves the break. Hell, we all do. I'm kind of glad that we're going to be forced to rush to town, actually...we won't have to spend your birthday out here in the sticks."  



_I wouldn't mind, you know. It's just a day for me._  



"But it's not just a day for me. It's your first birthday, Gardie. You should have a good one to start with, because you'll be having many more in the future."  



_For which I have you to thank, master,_ she said happily, snuggling comfortably against her master's strong body. _Where will we be staying tomorrow? Won't the shelters in town be pretty crowded?_  



"We'll be staying with Watson. I've already made arrangements. Actually, me and him were planning a little...surprise...for your birthday. I didn't think we'd get to do it on your actual birthday, but...well, the storm is a bit of a blessing in disguise, isn't it?"  



Gardevoir nearly jumped out of Slash's arms, chirping excitedly. _Ooh! Is it a surprise party? I read about a surprise party in that one book you got me, and it looked so fun! Is it?_  



Slash merely smiled back at her for a long moment, taking her hand in his. She almost thought he wasn't going to respond when he finally said, "Psymakio? Do you love me?"  



She looked at him with confusion, checking their bond to see if he was afraid or insecure for some reason. Sensing nothing, she slowly nodded. _Of course I do, master._  



"And do you want to be with me forever?"  



_Master, why are you asking this? You know that I do!_  



"Yes, I know. But I need to ask. It's part of...how it goes."  



She blinked. _How what goes?_  



Slash looked at the other members of his pack. All were sleeping peacefully, exhausted from the past week's travels and lack of civilization. Around them, despite the ominous threat of the approaching storm, the route was peaceful. And even though the stars were obscured from view by the clouds above, the night was still beautiful.  



He gently slipped from his mate's embrace and stood up, offering her his hand. "Walk with me? Please?"  



Confused, but sensing nothing but happiness and love from Slash, Gardevoir nodded and took his hand, letting him pull her to her feet. The pair walked a bit away from the campfire, not afraid of the wildlife around them. Even if the predators were active tonight, they were not the fresh-faced greenhorns that they were half a year ago; they were much stronger, much more experienced, and they could handle anything this route could throw at them. Tonight, though, the most dangerous creatures that they had to worry about were the night-slowed Tropius huddled around the trees. The mates walked over to a group of the large and peaceful creatures, feeding them with leftover ration packs from their hands. Gardevoir giggled as the Pokemon licked at her hand, and Slash smiled at the sight of her. She was so sweet, so kind, so perfect.  



Slash inhaled deeply, trying to keep his nerve. He already knew her answer---with the bond, there was rarely a question that he truly _had_ to ask her---so why was asking the question so damn hard? Taking courage in her beautiful visage, he found his inner bravery and lunged for it.  



"So...I was wondering...what do you think you'll be doing for the next sixty or seventy years?"  



She shrugged, still focused on feeding the large Pokemon. _I don't know. Why do you ask?_  



"Well, um...I was wondering...if you wouldn't mind marrying me too much."  



There was a long moment where Gardevoir simply stood there, unmoving and uncertain that she heard him correctly. She knew what marriage was, of course; she'd been around humans more than long enough to know. She also knew that while it wasn't anything compared to the mating bond Pokemon shared, and while it was often a casually-regarded and easily-voided contract, it was still something meaningful to many humans.  



She turned to Slash slowly, and while she couldn't see his blush in the darkness, she could feel it. An odd but not entirely unpleasant mix of love and nervousness was flowing over their bond, and she savored it for a while; it was a similar mix to the one that her mate enjoyed when it came from her, the flustered feeling that was often generated from her when they were trying something new in their lovemaking. But this...this was something much more...powerful.  



_I...master, what did you just say?_  



"I asked if you would like to marry me."  



_That's what I thought...I...I..._  



She was too stunned to answer. Marriage? Was he really asking her to marry him? She had heard him deride marriage on countless occasions, criticizing it for its casual application and its exclusion of so many people (and Pokemon), and she had agreed with his assessment of it. So why would he ask her to join him in a ceremony that they had both decided was discriminatory and meaningless?  



Slash sensed her confusion---it was the same confusion that he once had---and smiled faintly. "I know. It's stupid. We can't really be married in the eyes of the world, not really, not...legally. And in most cases marriage is, indeed, done out of nothing more than convenience or a temporary sense of obligation, only to be annulled later. But I was thinking about it, and...well, who cares, Psymakio? Who cares that they deny it to us? Who cares that they've made it into a joke? We can make our marriage _ours_. We can claim it for ourselves and _make_ it something truly sacred. Even if it lacks the power of our mating...even if it could technically be ended...if we make it work between us, my angel...it can be as strong and eternal as they claim it to be. We can make it another bond between us. Even if nobody will accept it...hell, we can't even let anyone know...it'll be ours. That's all we need."  



He took her hands and smiled, some of his nervousness fading at the knowledge that she was more flustered than he was. When she raised her head, those stunning ruby eyes meeting his, he leaned in and kissed her softly, waiting for her to gain enough wits to kiss him back before retreating. "Plus...I want to...well, you gave me your gift to me...our mating. It gave us both something, yeah, but the mating itself was something you gave me. It's from your world. Even if marriage...mainstream marriage...is corrupted and meaningless...it's still something from my world. And while it wouldn't change things between us, it would still---"  



_It would change things between us,_ Gardevoir said quietly. _It might not be as powerful as the mating bond, but it would most definitely change things._  



There was a moment of silence between the two. The Tropius seemed to understand the gravity of their talk and kept quiet. Eventually Gardevoir continued. _If we couldn't be married...not legally...then how could we..._  



"Watson. He's got the authority to marry people in Mauville. It wouldn't be legally valid, but...the only validation it would need is our own." Slash kissed her again, almost able to feel her emotions through her lips. Tears welled up in her eyes, and she found herself confused as to why she was crying. It wasn't sadness...it wasn't even happiness...it was some sort of sense of being overwhelmed, shocked, and amazed by the sheer sweetness and suddenness of his question.  



_This is the surprise for my birthday, isn't it? Not some silly little party, but...oh, master, I...I don't know what to say..._  



"You can say that you'll marry me."  



Perhaps it was better that their only audience was a group of sleepy Tropius. Perhaps it was telling that they needed no expensive diamond ring to cement their engagement. Perhaps it was fitting that the question was posed under a storm-darkened and moonless night sky.  



But as for Psymakio's answer---an emphatic affirmative, followed by her throwing herself into her mate's embrace, the pair eventually falling down and making love in the soft grass---that was _right_. And of that I have no doubt.  



---------------------  



\[Wake up, you two.\]  



"Nng. Go away." Slash blearily squeezed Gardevoir tightly against his body. "Mine."  



\[Yeah, I know, she's yours. But that storm is coming for _all_ of us, so...maybe you should get up.\]  



Slash's eyes fluttered open, and the first thing he saw was the huge fanged face of Arcanine looking down at him. He screamed involuntarily, making Gardevoir bolt awake and making the other Pokemon laugh.  



"Damn it, Arcanine. Why did you have to do that?"  



\[Because it's morning, and...well, take a look. After you get dressed, that is.\]  



The pair of lovers untangled their arms and legs and embarrassedly pulled their clothing back into position; thankfully the Tropius herd had the discretion to move on after they'd begun making love the night before. Once everything was back in place, Slash and Gardevoir turned to the southeast sky and froze in shock. Slash had seen hurricanes before, but only on television---Oldale was far enough from the coast to be protected from such storms. Gardevoir had never seen a storm of such enormous size and darkness in her short life. Both were utterly humbled at the sight of the far-off horizon...and the titanic black expanse of clouds that covered it.  



"Clouds should not be that dark," Slash stated, gripping the hand of his mate. "Oh shit! What time is it?"  



\[It is six. The alarm woke me up, but you two were...a little bit away from the campsite.\]  



For once, neither of the mates blushed at the other Pokemon's' knowledge of their coupling; who cared about embarrassment in the face of such a huge, sky-covering force of nature? They jogged back to the camp, where Manectric was almost purring at the sight.  



\[Look at that. It's so huge. So powerful. It's almost like a god, isn't it?\]  



Slash didn't reply; he picked up his Pokenav and switched to the storm monitoring station. Contrary to what was reported the night prior, the storm _had_ increased in strength. "It's at 103 now. It's a fucking category two hurricane in March. What the hell is going on? No storm should be that powerful this early!"  



_Nature is as out-of-balance as everything else,_ Gardevoir muttered absently. When Slash turned to her, she shook her head slowly, not sure where that had come from. _I...I don't know, master, but that storm does not feel...natural...to me. I mean, it is natural, but...it shouldn't be. I don't know._  



\[Will we still beat it to Mauville?\] Crawdaunt asked. Slash tapped quickly at the Pokenav, his face darkening as he did so.  



"Not unless we leave right now. I'm sorry that we can't have breakfast, but...well, you can see why. We'll eat at Watson's, but right now we have to get moving. Everyone ready?"  



Slash withdrew Graveler and Crawdaunt into their Pokeballs, carefully securing them to his belt. Gardevoir and Manectric helped him quickly pack up the scattered remnants of their camp, secure their belongings in Arcanine's makeshift saddle, and teleported herself and her mate atop their fiery mount. The four looked towards the southeast again, hardly able to believe their eyes.  



"Such power. It make you feel pretty small, huh?"  



_There are forces in the world that are far more powerful than anything we can comprehend, master._  



"You know, even now that I'm used to it, our bond feels like that...beyond our comprehension. As powerful as that storm looks. But our bond has never...frightened me like that storm does."  



_Our bond is natural, forged from our friendship and love. That storm is forged from a world that is falling out of balance. Whatever has been going wrong in recent history is getting worse, and is now starting to affect the skies themselves. Maybe we feel so frightened of it because it represents what we must overcome to save this world._  



Arcanine whined. \[Uh, that bond stuff is great and all, but I'm looking at that storm without any bond, and I'm still scared as hell. Can we go now?\]  



\[Don't be so afraid, it's beautiful!\] Manectric whispered in awe, making the fire Pokemon roll his eyes.  



"You can admire it when we're traveling. Right now, let's go. Go as fast as you can without exhausting yourself, Arcanine."  



\[Got it.\]  



The four headed off at a quick pace, heading west towards Mauville. Except for the thudding footsteps of Arcanine and the ever-increasing groan of the wind, the route was deadly silent. There were no Tropius out now, or anything else for that matter---everything was taking cover as best as they could.  



"There are no water Pokemon out," Slash observed. "Normally, before a storm, they're out and about, eager to enjoy it. I guess they know, too."  



_In general, Pokemon are more attuned to their environment that humans, master. They don't need to be psychics or electric to feel that huge thing behind us._  



"Oh, right now even I can feel it. Maybe it's the lower air pressure...or maybe it's something deeper than that...but my human self can _feel_ it. I've never felt anything like it before, except..." He trailed off.  



\[Except when?\] Arcanine asked, carefully avoiding the thicker grass and fallen logs as he ran over the landscape. Slash turned around to Gardevoir, who was looking back at him with concerned eyes.  



"Except right before...what happened in Fallarbor. Right before we found...him."  



He turned back around before he could see her face's response, but her concern and compassion was flowing over their bond with strength that was impossible to ignore.  



**Thanks, Gardie.**  



_You're welcome, master. It's over, just remember that. We got through that, and we'll get through this._  



Slash switched on his Pokenav and dialed up Watson just as the first drops of rain began to fall. It wasn't much---mere sprinkles of water, not nearly enough to hinder Arcanine---but within moments the air felt filled with it, filled with tiny raindrops, the humidity almost suffocating. The air that Slash breathed in felt...incomplete, not enough to sustain him, like the water was replacing the oxygen in the air. Despite the sweeping vista of the route, he couldn't help but feel a twinge of claustrophobia.  



"Slash? Where the hell are you, boy? Haven't you been watching the news?"  



"I'm on a couple hours away on 119, old man, and heading your way as fast as we can. We'll need a place to stay."  



"You're more than welcome to stay with me, but...the basement, where we'll be shacking up, has a few of the...surprise preparations. Gardevoir will see them."  



She giggled behind Slash, pulling herself tightly against her master's back, and Slash momentarily forgot about the air's maddening stuffiness. "It's okay. I already told her about it. Asked her about it, I mean. She said yes."  



A laugh over the line. "Ha! Not that either of us had any doubt, but that's good to hear! We can have the ceremony whenever you're ready. Maybe we can have a separate little birthday party today. No need for this storm to dampen all our fun."  



"Actually, I was thinking we could do it today. We'll have nothing better to do."  



"Slash, I haven't finished the preparations yet! No cake, no altar, no---"  



"That's alright. We have each other. That's all we need. Besides, it's kind of...fitting, you know?"  



The old man chuckled at the boy's candor---his wife never would have settled for 'in a basement in the middle of a hurricane; of course, he supposed that most women would not want that, either. Gardevoir was just not as picky as a human girl. "Alright. I'll straighten things up a bit. It'll be as ready as it can be. You just hurry up...it doesn't look good out there."  



"I will. Slash out."  



As he shut off the Pokenav, a bolt of lightning stabbed into the earth only a few hundred yards away. Manectric barked happily, but everyone else jumped and clung more tightly to each other. A moment later, with Gardevoir's arms around his waist and her sweet, slim body pressed against his, Slash felt his worry and panic dissipate. The storm was powerful, yes, but nothing could stand against...this.  



----------------------  



As Mauville came into view, the sprinkling rain cycled into a torrential downpour with terrifying speed. While it was not enough to physically injure Arcanine, it _was_ hindering him; the fire wolf's pace slowed, and his breathing took on a ragged note. Manectric looked up at him with concern.  



\[You alright, buddy?\]  



\[Almost...there...just a few more minutes.\]  



"You can rest as soon as we get there, I promise," Slash said, having to shout to have his voice heard over the escalating scream of the wind. "Come on! It's only going to get worse!"  



Nodding, Arcanine picked up his pace as much as he could, ignoring the burning stitch in his side. Each raindrop felt like an icy knife against his muzzle. Gardevoir could feel his pain, but could not take it into herself; such power was reserved for her and her mate. Still, there was something she could do. She focused her power and directed it upwards, projecting a low-strength barrier above them, blocking the majority of the deluge. Arcanine looked up at the sight of the rain sloshing to their sides around the barrier, growling happily.  



\[Thanks.\]  



_You're welcome. Come on, just a little bit farther!_  



A few minutes later, the exhausted pack entered Mauville, finding Watson waiting at his door with towels and a concerned expression on his face. Slash and Gardevoir climbed off of Arcanine, withdrew him into his Pokeball, and followed old man inside. The scream of the wind and rain cut to a dull roar as the door clicked shut. The room was dark, the windows having been boarded up; the power was still on, but could go out at any time.  



Watson handed the three towels, letting them dry themselves off as they headed toward the basement door. "Good thing you got here when you did. The worst of it will be here soon."  



After drying Manectric as best as he could, Slash straightened back up and gestured to the house. "You think it'll be okay?"  



"We might get some minor damage, but this old place is built like brick, and it's gone through a few of these over the years. It'll be fine. We'll weather it out in the basement, just to be safe. Besides...you two have some plans, heh." He smiled at Gardevoir. "Happy birthday, by the way. Your first, right? Hard to believe that you're only just now turning a year old. You've grown up so fast."  



_My kind grows faster than humans do, of course, but yes...I'm unusually developed for my age. I would almost certainly still be a Ralts if I were in the wild._  



"Even trained Ralts don't evolve as quickly as Psymakio did, though," Slash explained to Watson. "She's...well, we all know that she's special." He wrapped an arm around her, feeling her rain-cooled skin and warming her with his touch. The pair linked hands and blushed at Watson's grin.  



"She certainly is." The old man opened the basement door and led them down the stairs; Gardevoir was relieved to see that, instead of being a dark and musty hideaway, it was a large and well-lit room. As they descended, she saw what filled the room and stopped in mid-step.  



It was no wedding chapel, but for a girl who had only heard of weddings, never seen them, that didn't matter. The fact that there was no wedding cake, only a table of various snacks and cupcakes, did not discourage her. That the altar was nothing more than Watson's stereo system did not dishearten her.  



Neither did she care that the only audience for their joining would be an old man and their combined Pokemon teams. Nor did she notice the lack of flowers or bouquets. And the various storm-kit equipment in the corners---candles and flashlights and medical kits---did not detract from the beauty of it.  



The average human would look at this sight and believe it to be a sort of 'storm party', nothing more. But Gardevoir saw beyond the mundane appearance of it all, and saw her wedding. A bond with her mate. A taste of the human world, even if the taste had to be a secret. She turned to Slash and kissed him, heedless of the eyes of the Pokemon in the room, and even ignorant of Watson's small smile as memories of his own wedding flashed through his mind.




 




The storm had moved into Hoenn, bringing with it killing winds, smothering floods, and a dark, mindless rage that made many psychic Pokemon in the region cringe in fear. But despite the formidable strength of the storm, Psymakio did not fear it. Maybe the darkness surrounded them, cursing and tearing at the world below, but the light from her and Slash's love utterly outshone any malevolence and wrongness that the hurricane was generating.  



When their lips finally parted a long moment later, they turned to the Pokemon and smiled with only a trace of embarrassment. These creatures did not care. They would not judge them. They understood the power of a mating bond, and could likewise understand why this ceremony _did_ have power, regardless of how other humans applied it. It was not the ceremony itself that was imbued with magic; it was the love behind it. A wedding was only one of countless ways that a bond could be affirmed.  



"It's sad that so few people see the power in this," Slash said, not letting go of Gardevoir's hand. Watson nodded in agreement.  



"Many of them believe that the ceremony itself has the power. It doesn't. Without a mighty bond between the lovers, such as the bond you two share, it is meaningless." He gestured at the wall, where an old picture of he and his wife's wedding was hanging. Slash and Gardevoir looked at the image quietly, unsure of what to say. "Me and her...we didn't have what you have. I wish we did. Perhaps now, having developed as I have over the years, we could. But even so...there were times that I could _feel_ her. Times where we ended each other's sentences, not out of predictability, but...something else. Times when I could tell she was happy or angry before she actually showed it. Times where she knew when something was bothering me, even when I was stubborn and tried to hide it from her. Perhaps we didn't have the amazing connection that you two young ones do, but there was...something. Some trace of it. Humans may have lost the ability, but...the ability is not lost entirely. There is still hope."  



He put a hand on each of their shoulders and smiled. "You two...you're that hope. Never forget that."  



The pair exchanged an overwhelmed look. "We...we won't, Watson. I swear it. We'll do whatever we can."  



_Even if we don't know what we're supposed to do...we will try. And we'll give our lives to reverse the world's decline if we must._  



Watson waved a hand dismissively. "Now is not the time to talk of such...dire events. Just remember that you two are the brightest light I've ever seen in this dark world. And after today...you will glow even more brightly. And I am honored to be a part of that."  



The old man met eyes with Gardevoir. "I was wondering...if you would like to wear her wedding dress. She was a small woman...not as small as you, but it shouldn't be hanging off of you."  



Gardevoir's breath caught in her throat, and she nodded quickly. _Yes...I'd be honored to, Watson. I didn't think you'd...I..._  



"It's the least I can do, sweet one. Think of it as my birthday gift for you."  



_All of...this...seems like a giant birthday present._  



Watson smiled and looked at Slash. "No, not really. This is like your mating night...his idea. All I did was get some stuff together to help."  



_Still...thank you._ She leaned forward and hugged the old man, kissing his cheek. _Having someone who we can trust with all this...someone who cares about us so much that he's willing to do all this for us...it means more than I can say._  



When they pulled apart, Watson gestured to one of his Pokemon. "Ampharos will help you get dressed. It's a little more complicated than it looks, heh. The dress is upstairs in my bedroom. Try to be quick...it should be safe enough, but we don't want to push our luck."  



She nodded as the large electric Pokemon bounded up to her. After giving her mate one last kiss, the two headed back upstairs, leaving Slash and Watson alone with the other Pokemon. There was a long moment of amiable silence.  



"She was beautiful, Watson."  



"Yes, she is. You're lucky."  



"No, I meant...well, yes, Psymakio is beautiful, but I meant...her." He pointed at the picture on the wall.  



"Oh...yes. She was so very beautiful that day...blushing and smiling like when we first met...I was so nervous, myself..."  



Slash nodded. "I know the feeling. It was hard proposing last night, but now I feel like...terrified. I don't know why...me and her have been as intimate as any married couple. Our souls are literally linked together. So why am I almost hyperventilating?"  



The old man laughed. "It's just part of it, my boy. You'll be alright. Now, what about you? You don't want to get married in half-drenched clothes, do you?"  



Slash looked up at Watson, who stood a good six inches over him. "I doubt any of your clothes will fit me, old man."  



"Of course not. And I know you would go crazy wearing something as fancy as a tux." There was a tremendous blast of thunder outside, and Watson grinned wryly. "Fancy isn't really working today in any case. Come here, I got something a little more simple for ya."  



-----------------  



Upstairs, Gardevoir was carefully putting on her dress, not wanting to tear or damage it in any way. She would really have liked to take a bath beforehand, but with the thunder rapid-firing outside, exploding in stunning and terrifying bursts, it would not be prudent. Ampharos (which was, thankfully, female) was helping the young girl with the confusing and intricate outfit.  



"Can I ask you a question?" Ampharos asked, pulling the white fabric onto her. The concept of white weddings was beyond Gardevoir...and, in any case, was another example of the bullshit her and her mate were trying to avoid.  



_Sure._  



"What's it like, being mated to a human?"  



Gardevoir turned to her with a curious smile. _Is there some human you have a crush on? Maybe Watson?_  



"Oh, no! No, no. I love my trainer, but not...like that. I was just wondering if you ever considered being with a Gallade or something instead of with a human. I mean...it would be easier for you, wouldn't it? You wouldn't have to be hiding your bond or risking being...persecuted."  



Psymakio considered. _Honestly? The thought never occurred to me. I was taken from the wild when I was a Ralts, so I was far too young to show any interest in males. In any case, the only Gallade I ever met in my life was my father, and he disappeared when I was very young._  



"I understand, but I mean...I don't see male Ampharos very often, but that doesn't mean that I don't...think about it."  



_I've never really fantasized about anyone but my master. Even if I saw a Gallade, I don't know if I'd even be mildly attracted to him. Pokemon have never really...excited me like that._  



"But Slash did?"  



Gardevoir closed her eyes dreamily, casting herself back to her earliest memories of Slash. Slash rescuing her from the side of the road. Slash getting her medical care and food. Slash telling her that she could stay with him forever if she desired, even if she didn't want to fight.  



And after her victory against Brawly, their relationship changed so quickly. She had evolved soon after and then her hormones had started taking over; Kirlia are developed enough to consider looking for mates. While she had denied it to herself at first, she could see now how infatuated she was with the boy. Every time they talked...every time they touched...every time he told her, even in platonic terms, that he loved her...it had driven her mad with want for him.  



Then the dream came, and she began looking at him in a distinctly...different light. She began wondering if they could physically couple. Her dreams had become steamy, lust-filled fantasies. Never did thoughts of Pokemon ever cross her mind, even though there were plenty of powerful Pokemon around Mauville. Hell, her own teammates, who she'd fought beside on many occasions, never piqued her interest.  



_...yes. Slash certainly did interest me. I think he interested me in a way that no Pokemon could ever compete with. He wasn't just a potential mate...he was my trainer, my guardian, my friend. My kind bond strongly with our trainers, and coupled with my own...more physical desires...I could not get him out of my mind. The fact that he's human doesn't bother me...in fact, it's kind of...special. His love is the only love I've ever known...and the only love I desire to know. Honestly, when we're together, I feel like our relationship is...familiar. Almost like I've fallen in love with him before...in another life, maybe. And when he kisses me, it feels like...destiny._  



She slowly opened her eyes to find Ampharos blushing and staring at her. "...goodness. I didn't think it could be that way with a human. Most of them aren't...you know, that kindhearted."  



_I know. But I don't hate them. Maybe most people aren't...understanding...but I feel like it's not all their fault, you know? Some of them have never heard of any other way to operate. They've been raised like that, and it's been ingrained in their education and upbringing. Some of them aren't lost, like our trainers...and even those who are lost may be saved. Maybe someday, all of them can be._  



"I doubt all of them could. Some seem to have an...inner darkness."  



_I've felt the inner darkness in...a few people...but even that feels forced and artificial sometimes._  



Gardevoir finished straightening the dress; while it was a bit too big for her, Watson was right in that it wasn't absurdly so. She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled. Modest as she was, she had to admit that she looked beautiful in it. The dress wasn't that much different from her natural clothing, but it had an air of romance to it that was...special.  



"Your mate is waiting for you," Ampharos said, curious as to how this little makeshift ceremony would go. She had seen a few weddings in her time, but always between humans, and never during a storm like this.  



Taking a deep breath, almost as if she wanted to exhale her tension, Gardevoir nodded. _I know. Let's go, I want to see him..and I want him to see me._  



-------------------------  



Slash and Watson were setting up the final arrangements downstairs. The power had gone out, leaving the room alight with the golden glow of candles, reminding Slash of the night that he and Gardevoir had joined together for the first time. Rotom was inside the music equipment and keeping it running---"Love of a Lifetime" was quietly playing from the large speakers, and Slash was quite impressed with Watson's music tastes and personal collection.  



Arcanine was at the 'altar', standing in the spot of the best man. On one side of the aisle was Watson's team---Manectric, Lanturn, Magneton, and Electabuzz; on the other, Slash's own Manectric, Crawdaunt, and Graveler.  



"A little unusual, but...I ain't complaining," Slash laughed. The storm-shelter air of the basement had been wiped away by the music and candlelight, leaving behind a cozy and romantic retreat from the world above (and the storm that was ravaging it). "I do feel like a bit of a pedophile though. I mean, I'm marrying a one year old. And she just turned one. And I started getting frisky with her at six months."  



Watson laughed, clapping Slash on the back with one rough hand. "Most one year olds can't read though, or fight Rotom to a draw, or do any of the amazing things that I've seen her do. She seems plenty mature to me."  



"You have no idea," Slash mumbled, remembering their frenzied lovemaking from the night before. They hadn't even gotten away from the Tropius herd before starting---hopefully the Pokemon population of route 119 didn't think they were perverts now. "This is just how I imagined my wedding. A fire wolf as my best man, a hurricane raging overhead...the only thing that's missing is some Bon Jovi."  



"That's for the reception."  



"Fucking awesome."  



He suddenly sensed Gardevoir's presence and spun to face the stairs...and then stood stone-still at the altar, unable to move. Unable to speak. Unable to do anything, really. The Pokemon shared grins at the flustered trainer's expression, but Gardevoir was unable to respond, either.  



Her mate wasn't dressed like the grooms she'd seen in her books, but he still looked...stunning. The clothing wasn't what drew her gaze to him like a magnet, although the dark coat and pants were handsome...it was his face. His eyes. The rain-sculpted mess of his hair. He looked...weathered and ragged, in a beautiful way. Crafted by nature, however unbalanced, to be hers. Their bond cycled up to fullness, and their mutual admiration of each other finally began to dissipate as they came to their senses.  



Ampharos took Gardevoir's arm and slowly began guiding her down the Pokemon-framed aisle. Watson took his place and made sure Slash knew his. There was no wedding march---the music had been turned down to the point that the pounding rain masked it---but that was alright, too. Music wasn't necessary. It's likely that, in their current states, neither bride nor groom would have even noticed it.  



When Gardevoir was finally at Slash's side, Ampharos took her place on the opposite side of Arcanine. The positioning was complete. Framed by an electric sheep and a fire wolf, surrounded by Pokemon, and led by a former member of Team Magma, the two would be joined under a darkened sky that belied the love and light contained within it.  



--------------------  



Watson smiled at the couple, at their linked hands and faintly-flushed cheeks. His heart seemed to simultaneously hurt and glow at the sight of Psymakio wearing his late wife's wedding dress; she looked so beautiful, so sweet, and for a brief moment he thought he saw his wife in front of him, a young and innocent girl with fair skin and golden hair, a girl who had her whole life ahead of her...a life that would include him by her side forever. A life that would produce a large family and would end like fine wine, with their love only becoming more wonderful as they grew old together.  



And then she was gone, leaving a strange and exotic silver angel in her place. Fitting.  



The old man blinked away tears, hoping that the couple were too entranced by each other to notice. No need to dampen their happiness with old, old memories. No need to tell them how much it hurt to realize that he had grown old alone, without children or anniversaries or second honeymoons. After all, she was gone, long gone...none of his Pokemon were around back then...hell, other than a few pictures, his ring, and that dress, she was utterly gone, existing only within his heart. Were it not for those artifacts, she could be little more than an old man's dreams.  



There was no need to think about easily how this young couple could meet the same fate, ending up alone and heartbroken. No need to listen to the storm and hear the warning behind the wind and thunder, the warning of a shattered and ruined world promising to extinguish all light and love.  



"Marry us, Watson," Slash said suddenly, and Watson turned to find both bride and groom in tears. They'd seen through him, and he was afraid he'd ruined their beautiful moment until Psymakio nodded at him.  



_Yes. We're your family, Watson. You're the closest to family that we have. The love you have with her lives on in us, and together...all of us, together...we will stand strong. So please, marry us. Let us make you proud. Let us make_ _her_ _proud._  



There was a brief moment where the old man thought he was going to lose his hard-won composure, and break down right here in front of everyone...but he thought he heard a whisper deep in his mind, a whisper from someone other than the two telepaths in the room:  



_Do not pass your heartache on to them. They are your renewal, Watson._  



Shaking aside his trembling and his tears, Watson forced a sunny grin onto his face and began his speech with a strong, steady voice.  



"Friends...family," he corrected, giving the young couple a grateful glance, "we are here today because of love. Not because of expectations, and not because of pressure. Neither are we here to satisfy any higher power, nor any legal authority of this land. On the contrary...the gods and the state have condemned these two to death. It hurts me to say that...and you, to hear it...but it is true, and denying it would serve no purpose. What we do here today is both sacrilegious and illegal, and all of us may pay with our lives and freedom if the events of this ceremony are ever disclosed. And yet, I have no hesitation whatsoever with helping you with this crime against gods and government...because I can see what flows between you. I can feel what connects you. And that bond, forged from love and compassion, is stronger than any god, or any government.  



"Therefore I cannot appeal to any higher power to bless this union...nor can I marry you in the name of Mauville, this town that, while flawed, is still dear to me. I will appeal to the most powerful and legitimate source that I can, knowing that it will approve of what you share.  



"I pray to your bond.  



"I pray to the magic that you share, the love that binds you and your friends together. It is more eternal than any deity, more just than any state. And so I ask that your love bless this union, and may it protect you and those who you love in times of trouble.  



"This ceremony does not start your love any more than your mating did. It does not justify it, as you have all the justification that you need when you look into each other's eyes. It merely affirms it. It gives you something new to hold on to, to connect you, yet another level of affection to make what you have special and unique."  



Watson looked at Slash and Gardevoir in turn, his smile deepening. "Human...and Pokemon. Linked in love. Some call this an abomination...but those who do are close-minded fools who are blind to the sweetness between you. To be rejected by society should not make you envious. It should make them envious. Few will ever understand your love, and even fewer will ever experience it themselves. Do not let that lack of approval dampen your conviction and belief in the sanctity of this marriage, because this marriage is the most sacred event that I have ever witnessed.  



"This marriage is not real to the world above. You will have no licenses, no photographs, no rings. There are no bouquets to throw, and no cakes to cut. But you are surrounded by those who care about you...your friends and...your family. _We_ believe that this marriage is real. _You_ believe that this marriage is real. The love between you is most unquestionably real. And love is all you need.  



"Slash Firestorm...Psymakio...you are about to take yet another step on your journey. Your fate has already taken you to strange and dangerous places, and we know that your path has still only just begun. You must rely on each other to guide you through the hard times...the lonely times...the hopeless times. When events are at their worst---"  



A huge blast of thunder exploded outside, followed by the tinkling showering sound of glass---  



"---that is when your bond must be at its best. And I have no doubt whatsoever that it will be. Because I feel it right now. We all do, psychic or not. Something magical has brought us all together, and that magic fills this room to the brim right now. May it, too, bless this union.  



"Slash, if you have anything you wish to say to Psymakio before I continue, please say it now."  



The young man gazed at his silver-skinned bride and trembled. He had prepared no vows, but when he looked into her fiery eyes, he needed no preparation to know what he wanted to say.  



"Psymakio...when I left on my journey, I was not sure what to expect. I knew that my life would be an adventure, as all trainers' lives are...and I knew there was a chance, however slim, that I might find love on my quest. But I never, ever expected you. Not for a moment.  



"When I saw that crying girl laying beside the road, hurt and exhausted...I knew that she was special. I knew that she would change my life. Still, though, I did not know how.  



"As time went on, you grew from a stranger into a friend. And then you grew from a friend into my lover. And then we became something...more. So much more. You showed me a depth to love that I never thought existed...you accepted me fully, the good and the bad...and with more than just words. I have done...things that I regret...and yet you never left me. You never stopped respecting me, loving me, caring for me. You made a dorky bum from a small town feel like a king for the past six months, and...I don't know if I can ever repay you for that. But I swear to you that I will try. Our lives may be difficult, but I will try to make your every moment a happy moment. I will kiss you into smiles when you wake, and embrace you into serenity when you sleep. And I will make sure that you never, ever doubt my love. I love you, my sweet angel. Forever and always."  



Watson turned to Gardevoir with a touched smile. Slash hadn't done bad at all; if he recalled correctly, he'd had to read from index cards for his own vows. "Psymakio, if you have anything to say to Slash before I continue, please say it now."  



She swallowed her nervousness and gazed into her mate's icy blue eyes, letting the purity and sweetness of his love flow over her heart like rainwater. That was all she needed. _Master...my life was not an easy one before you. I lost...everything I held dear...and was cast into an unfamiliar world where I was lost, alone...and crying out for someone to love me. To save me. I spent every day running away from my fear...until I couldn't run from it any more. I was willing to lay down and die if it meant the pain and terror would cease._  



Watson blinked at her words, seeing himself shortly after his wife had died.  



_But then...you came. You saved me for no reason other than compassion. You didn't force me to fight. You didn't store me away in a computer. You didn't abandon me. You...you loved me, and even though our love was different back then, it was still...most definitely real. As real as this marriage is. And over a short time...so very short, in retrospect...we became so much closer. You accepted me, treated me and the others as more than just tools to fight, as more than just assets or trophies...you treated me like someone you really cared for. And one day...the day that you kissed me for the first time...I realized that you weren't just treating me like you loved me. You truly did._  



_It was a shock to find out that the one person I admired, the one human who I trusted and loved, actually loved me back...the boy who saved me from death and desperation had fallen in love with me, a creature that he was forbidden to ever care for in such a way! You were even willing to die for our love...willing to join with me in my kind's rituals...willing to bring me into your world. And today you do it again...on my birthday, surrounded by friends and family, you ask me to join you in your world's most intimate bond. It is overwhelming...and I am loving every moment of it. I promise that I will spend my entire life protecting you...I will defend you from the threats we will face from outside, and safeguard you from the darkness locked in your heart. I will take away your loneliness and remind you, night and day, that I am yours. And if the world has a problem with that...they'll have to go through me to do anything about it. I love you, master...forever._  



The two leaned forward to kiss, but Watson stopped them with a sharp motion of his hand. "Wait, you two, I'm almost finished. Slash...do you take Psymakio to be your wife, as well as your mate? To love her, honor her, and cherish her, in sickness and in health, for better or for worse, until death do you part?"  



Slash squeezed one of her small hands in his own. "I do. Definitely."  



"And do you, Psymakio---"  



_Yes, yes, now hurry._  



Watson nodded with a grin. "Then by the power vested in me by...well, your love...I now pronounce you husband and wife. Now go for it."  



The two leaned forward, sharing a kiss that they did not have to fear would come back to haunt them, sealing their new bond in front of their friends and loved ones. The cheers of the gathered few briefly overwhelmed the frustrated shouting of the chaos outside.  



-------------------------  



The day went on slowly, but not unpleasantly. Even the roar of the storm above could not dampen the festive mood with the little converted shelter. Slash and Psymakio spent hours talking and laughing with each other and the other Pokemon, amicably booing when Watson dared to try karaoke, eating wedding cupcakes and listening to the rain fall.  



Slash finally found the song he was looking for---Bon Jovi's "Thank You For Loving Me"---and played it on the Rotom-powered stereo. He and Gardevoir shared their first dance by candlelight; she was nervous at first, as she had never danced before, but Slash confided that he had not, either, and the two simply held each other and rocked back and forth to the music, diving deep into each other as the seconds passed. By the time the song was over, they were so saturated with each other's presence that they didn't even notice the music stop; Watson gave them a few minutes of personal time before finally alerting them to that fact.  



As morning stretched into afternoon, and afternoon into evening, the storm was finally beginning to lessen. Somewhere between sharing cupcakes and Slash finally relenting to sing for Watson's twisted amusement, the gathered group noticed that the rain had finally stopped.  



"We're all going to head upstairs to check on the damage," the old man informed them. "You two...well, we'll stay out of your hair for the rest of the night. We'll see you in the morning."  



"But what are we going to sleep on?"  



Watson grinned and gestured at the stairs, where Crawdaunt and Graveler were carrying down the extra bed. "There. Although I doubt you'll be doing much sleeping. By the way...you can be a little louder in the basement than you could upstairs. Enjoy yourselves."  



Gardevoir blushed, but there was a playful smile behind it. She hadn't made love to her mate in a bed since...oh, more than two weeks prior. She didn't mind coupling outdoors---it was much, much better than not coupling at all---but it was just more comfortable to do it in a nice, soft bed. Slash saw the direction of her thoughts and slipped a conspiratory hand down her back as the congregation of Pokemon headed back up to the main house. Once the basement door had closed, the hand fell to her bottom and gently squeezed.  



_Master, at least wait until I take the dress off!_ she giggled, pulling away from his hand and leading him toward the bed. As she carefully disassembled the multi-piece garment, Slash slipped his coat and shirt off and grinned.  



"You know, the bride is supposed to go to her wedding bed as a virgin. Naughty, naughty, Psymakio."  



_Master, I could never have lasted this long without coupling with you. I'd have gone mad._  



Slash grinned. "Really, now? Just how badly did you want me before we got together?"  



Making sure the door was really closed, and doing a brief prog to ensure no one else was listening, she whispered to him. _I wanted you to take me since I was a Kirlia, master. Since the dream. Maybe even a little before then._  



Pulling off the last of his much more simple clothing, he moved forward to help her with the dress. "I'm sorry I made you wait so long."  



_Oh, it was worth the wait, master. Although today was a little hard...I had to wait through all those hours of talking and playing before I got you here, all naked and...hungry...and...mine._  



Slash pulled the dress down her body slowly, exposing the soft swells of her breasts, the silver flatness of her belly, the soft and sacred flesh between her thighs. "Somewhere around Watson's third attempt to sing, I was about to just...grab you and tear your clothing off and take you right there."  



She giggled. _I don't think Watson would have appreciated you damaging the dress, master._  



His smile faded as he finished undressing her. He very carefully bundled it up and laid it on a chair, looking at his smooth and naked angel with a somber gaze. "I didn't realize how lonely he felt...how much he cared for her. I guess I thought that all humans regard marriage as little more than procedure...but he didn't. What he had...it was like ours. Our bond."  



He regarded his mate and wife quietly. "Psymakio, if something should ever happen to me---"  



_Don't. Don't say anything like that._  



"But---"  



_This day isn't for doubts. It's not for fears. We can wait until tomorrow to worry. Right now...I just want you. We spent the day claiming each other's love...now claim my body. Please. Wash away all my doubts. And let me wash away all of yours._  



Slash was motionless for a moment, and then moved forward to embrace her, pulling her sweet form against him. His hardness pressed against her belly, her sweet breasts on his chest, but for the first few minutes of touches and kisses, the embrace was more about love than lust. It was to assure each other that they were there. That they were real. That today was real. And then, slowly, gradually, their bodies began to overrule their minds, starting to tingle and spark with sensation. The young man ran his hands over her buttocks, her back, her neck, feeling the smooth and flawless skin, and he leaned forward and whispered into her ear.  



"I love you, Psymakio. I'm yours."  



_And I am yours, master. Now...please..._  



The two sunk onto the bed, Gardevoir laying underneath her master, holding up his weight with just a tiny touch of psychic power. His erection pressed against her vulva, rubbing insistently against the slick skin, spreading her wetness along his length. He was tempted to plunge into her now---she was certainly turned on enough for it---but he wanted this night to be special. He was going to turn her on a bit at a time until she was begging for it.  



"Stick out your tongue, Gardie."  



She shyly complied, slipping out her small pink tongue, and he kissed it, top and bottom, sending her into shivers even before he began to suck on it, taste it, follow the soft appendage into her mouth and plunder her. She kissed back as best as she could, but already the sensation was starting to rob her ability to think; all she could do was clash her tongue against his, rub along him as he licked at the inside of her lips, and gently run her fingertips over his back, trying not to hurt him with her tiny claws.  



He finally moved on, trailing kisses down her check, under her chin, onto her neck...when he sucked at the vulnerable flesh there, her submissive instincts went wild, nearly driving her to climax right then and there; she arched against his body, grinding her vulva against his length, the thick hardness rubbing on her clit and sending a splash of her wetness onto his body.  



Slowly he moved down her bare body, kissing every inch of silver skin as he sank lower, and while he instantly longed for her the moment his cock slipped off of her sex, he knew that, was he had her wet and squirming with pleasure, it would be well worth the wait. He came to the wonderful softness of her small breasts, cupping them, gently squeezing them, licking the hardened nipples eagerly, spreading their mingled saliva over the sensitive peaks, suckling them until she was crying out, bucking against his weight, desperate for him to enter her.  



_Master, please! I want you now!_  



He slowly moved his lips off of one wet, tingling nipple. "In a while. Just lay back and enjoy it."  



_But---ah!_  



He returned to her soft globes, fondling them gently, tenderly, letting her know how much he loved her. The rough and wild stuff could come a little later; for now, simply laying against her body, licking and nipping at her beautiful body...that was more than enough to please him.  



Once he had her breasts as cranked-up as he could, leaving her nipples swollen and buzzing, he continued down, kissing down her belly, down her sweet and hairless flesh, finally arriving at her juice-slicked vulva. She was absolutely soaked with the delicious stuff, and he couldn't help but swipe his tongue over the entire area before regaining his self-control. She just tasted so good, like vanilla...and the aroused noise that escaped her lips sounded just as wonderful.  



He looked at the slippery skin down there, his eyes feasting on her inviting slit, the sensitive nub, the puckered hole beneath it. Her juices were flowing over her rear entrance, leaving her nice and slick...knowing how she loved to be touched and teased there, he ran a finger over her, making her jump in surprise and excitement. Grinning at her reaction, he carefully coated his finger with her arousal and prodded at the tight ring of muscle, slowly working it into her anus, his mate's flustered and wild mental cries filling his mind with lust and want. She was so tight, so hot there, but tonight he intended to fill her body the old-fashioned way. His instincts demanded that, even if he could not impregnate her, he must fill her with his seed as though he could. It was what she was aching for tonight, even if she would not admit it. But he was not done with her, not yet. He moved his lips close to the junction of her thighs, continuing to probe her anus with gentle strokes.  



"Now that we've got that out of the way," Slash whispered out loud, and before Gardevoir could comprehend the words he was lapping at her vulva, his tongue licking up and down her slit, the tip tickling the swollen pearl at the top, making an effort to taste as much of her as he could, knowing how aroused she became at his tasting of her. When he felt that he'd paid enough attention to the outside of her warmth, he slipped his tongue into her body, easily filling her tight tunnel, his wet organ squirming within her and eliciting cries of wordless ecstasy from his wife's mind and mouth as he licked at the walls, lapping at the spots that made stars flare behind her eyes. The combination of his finger in her rectum and the tongue probing her pulsing channel was too much; with an adorable, erotic squeal, she dug her fingers into the sheets, arched back against his touch, and came hard, very hard, squeezing herself around him so tightly that it nearly broke Slash's finger.  



After he pulled himself out of her body and pulled himself up her sex-flushed body, she was pleased to feel his hardness pressing against her again, this time seeking her cum-slicked entrance. _About t...time..._  



Slash beamed at her satisfied voice, loving the knowledge that, once again, he had brought her to the edge and over with his touch. He could feel her desire...no, her need...to bring him to climax, as well, and he was eager to allow her to work her own magic. "I love you, darling."  



_Love you too. Now please...more, I want more...want you to cum inside..._  



"Of course, my angel."  



His cock pushed at the soft and giving opening, and although he intended to tease her body with shallow probes at her, she was so slippery with her juices that he sank into her effortlessly, filling her as completely as the first time they'd made love. Her tightness was wrapped around him, embracing him with her wet heat, pulsing in sync with her heartbeat. _Love me, master._  



Slash's hands slipped under her and cupped her bottom, pushing her slender body towards him. Without a word---their bond said everything that needed to be said---he began moving within her, slowly pulling back, feeling her body shudder around him, trying to keep him in, and then pushing forward through her folds, filling her small body with his sex. Her slender legs wrapped around his waist, pushing him onward, pressing him close to her, urging him to ride her faster, harder.  



Her entire body seemed to be working on him---her sweat-slicked breasts rubbing on his chest, her hands plunging into his hair and running random patterns over his back, her legs around his body...it had been some time since their lovemaking had been so demanding, so passionate, so...possessive. The first twinges of dominance entered his mind, and he gripped her body as tightly as he dared, letting her know by his strength that he loved her, needed her, wanted her to be his. She responded by yielding to him, spreading her thighs further apart and flexing her hips to ride him quicker, chirping and whining in pleasured tones that let him know how he was affecting her.  



Psymakio was operating on sheer instinct now, giving herself to her mate, taking comfort and pleasure in his touch, feeling as safe and happy as she ever had. Thoughts of worry and storms and dangers faded; all that remained was the sensation of her mate pumping her body, plunging into her spasming interior hard and fast...she wanted to please him, let him know how much she valued what he did for her today, how pleased she was at the birthday wishes and wedding and his touch...  



Every stroke of his cock sent a shock wave of electricity up her body, starting at her vagina and spreading upward, warming her breasts and neck and bringing her to a nearly unbearable state of arousal, causing her to squeeze more tightly around him and increase his movement. It was a positive feedback loop, and with the sharing of pleasure and sensation over the bond, it was too much for any sane creature to bear for long.  



Slash could not take the incredible tight softness shuddering around him, massaging him, taking him deep into his lover's body; it was like his cock was being gripped by wet, warm silk. He increased the speed of his thrusts, matching every spark of pleasure that he felt from his mate with a perfectly complementary move, using his hands and lips to bring her into such a level of excitement that she was beyond coherent thought. She raked his back with her claws as orgasm hit her, but the pain was washed away by his own climax a moment later, the room echoing with his cry as he spilled himself into her, marking her, assuring her that she was his, his only, his forever.  



The two lay together, cuddling and trying to catch their breath, listening to the whispers of the still-potent wind outside. It didn't sound anywhere near as threatening, not now. Whatever dark power the storm had was meaningless and pathetic compared to the power rocketing through their bodies and minds. Their sweet afterglow kisses had more electricity in them than any bolt of lightning. Their tender caresses had more strength behind them than any blast of wind. And the light shining from their connected hearts parted the darkness and drove away any nightmares.  



Trainer and Pokemon. Friends. Lovers. Mates. Spouses. It didn't matter what they were called or who acknowledged it. All that mattered was their love...their bond...  



...and the way the world resonated when fiery red met icy blue.

