**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

A/N: This story may offend some people. It contains romantic and sexual relations between humans and Pokemon, and if that's not your cup of tea, then you should probably read something else. It also contains rather dark themes, so be sure to note ALL of the content tags before reading. If everyone can remember that they can hit the back button anytime they want, then we should all be cool.  



If you're looking for sex without plot, then you should look elsewhere. While there will be sexual content in this story...likely a great deal by the end...the story's coherence and tone are my main priority, not cramming in unnecessary and unrealistic encounters. That's what my oneshots are for.  



In terms of which canon this story uses, I draw from many sources. The games are the primary source, but there will be bits and pieces from the anime and manga series, as well. I pick and choose details from a wide range of materials, so everyone should recognize something (and, if I do my job properly, nobody should feel lost when they don't). I also use a great deal of my own interpretation to create what I feel is a more interesting and workable world. For example, while RBY and RSE are concurrent in canon, this story assumes a twenty year gap between them, meaning any first-gen characters will be older while third-gens stay the same.  



Lastly, I respond to all reviews, and there is additional contact info in my profile. Don't hesitate to let me know if you like it, don't like it, spot an error, whatever.  



Well, I hope you enjoy. Let the adventure begin!  



---



**Arc One: Silver and Sunset**  



**Chapter 1: The Boy From Oldale**  



The cries of the crowd were all but deafening, though the young trainer standing on the stage could scarcely hear them over the sound of his own heartbeat. It was not him that they cheered for. He was a mere greenhorn trainer who now stood frozen, indecisive...on the edge of panic. He had known his mistake within moments of the battle's beginning; to challenge the Dewford Gym with his young and inexperienced team was beyond foolish.  



The Makuhita, the mightiest Pokemon in Brawly's team, was far stronger than he had expected from this low-level bracket. His Geodude had not even landed a single blow before being sent flying into the walls of the arena, his stony hide cracked and bleeding. It was desperation that had driven him to use Geodude in the first place, hoping that the Pokemon's thick armor would somewhat negate the dire type disadvantage. He had underestimated the sheer strength of his opponent.  



"Despite the challenger's courageous efforts, yet another of his Pokemon has fallen to Makuhita's iron fists! Both trainers are down to their last fighters, but Brawly's Makuhita is a league above anything the rookie can dish out! Will he continue to fight against these overwhelming odds or yield while he still can?"  



This was his chance to throw in the towel, to save himself some embarrassment and another needless thrashing. It was, after all, a trainer's duty to end a fight with no chance of victory and minimize their Pokemon's injuries. But while the boy certainly possessed a great deal of compassion for his Pokemon, he also possessed a great deal of pride.  



He would rather suffer his first defeat than his first forfeiture.  



His last Pokemon was the one he considered to be the weakest within his team, a fragile and timid creature who tended to flee from any challenge. She was really too young to fight...too young to be away from her parents, for that matter. He had found her on the side of the road, on the brink of death, likely orphaned by the cold brutality of nature. Most trainers would not have stopped for the scrawny little thing; at best they would have brought her to the nearest adoption center, but he knew too much about the kill-rate of those places to do so. Better for her to stay with him than to spend a few lonely months in a cage before being put down to save on expenses.  



Still, despite her youth and fearful nature, she was by no means helpless. He did not know a great deal about their kind, but he knew that, once fully evolved, they were forces to be reckoned with. Rarely did she show that sort of potential, but he had seen it from her enough to know that it existed. He did not expect it to make a difference in this hopeless battle, but perhaps the experience would toughen up her soft, perhaps too-kind heart. And, at the very least, they would lose knowing that they gave their all. He whipped out the Pokeball and released her into the arena with a flash of blinding red light.  



Ralts glanced around frantically as soon as she was free, instantly overwhelmed by the chaotic sights and sounds of the large crowd. The air inside the Gym was thick with the mental signatures of the countless Pokemon who had fought here, the auras of great beasts and predators, and their heavy weight chilled her small heart. Across the battleground was Makuhita, a small but powerful opponent who let his strength flow from his body unchecked, and Ralts could sense its full depths. Without knowing anything else, she knew that she was utterly outmatched, and she prepared to teleport to safety.  



"Wait, Ralts!"  



The small Pokemon jumped at the voice of her master, louder in her ears than the fierce roar of the crowd. She turned to him, staring up at the face of the young man who had once saved her from certain death, her panic melting away at the sight of him. They had not been together for long, a mere three weeks, but already the trainer bond was there, slowly knitting itself between them. It was simple, nothing compared to what a mature Gardevoir would have with her trainer, but it was strong in its own right. It drew her heart to his and filled her with courage that was both unfamiliar and incredibly comforting.  



"At least give it a try," he said to her, his face full of kindness. "I won't let it get out of hand. I promise."  



Despite her fear, that was all it took; from there her innate love and obedience for her master took over. She turned back to the bundle of muscles in front of her, gathering her energy in a pale blue whirlwind.  



He watched her nervously, cold sweat trickling down his face. She had a type advantage against this opponent, true, but her fighting level was significantly inferior. Worse still, she lacked the will to fight that his other Pokemon possessed, and that willpower was, in a way, far more important than physical strength. The logical part of his mind---the part that had aced his courses at the Academy and could gauge a Pokemon's strength in a single glance---braced for her inevitable defeat. But another part of his mind---a part that he had yet to fully understand, the place where the thread-thin bonds between him and Ralts had begun to form---that part of him had faith in her.  



She flung a swirling ball of that blue whirlwind at Makuhita, pitching it at such a speed that the humans in the room had difficulty following it. Makuhita, however, easily sidestepped the blast and let it scour the concrete wall behind him. Before Ralts could react, he had crossed the distance between them and struck her hard, sending her flying into the wall behind her trainer with a fearful squeak. Her consciousness momentarily fluttered, but she was struggling back to her feet without thinking, a trickle of blood running from her mouth. Her jaw was almost certainly broken.  



"Oh, Ralts," her trainer breathed, dropping to his knees and gently gripping her shoulders. The match-up was even worse than he had feared; her raw power was great, he knew that, but she lacked the reflexes and experience necessary to keep up with an opponent of this caliber. No, that was not completely true...she had been able to follow Makuhita's movements, but she'd frozen in the moment before he struck her, all of her newfound courage fading as quickly as it'd come. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have sent you out. I'll end the match and get you to the Pokemon Center. I won't ask you to keep fighting before you're ready."  



She looked up at him in tears and made a pitiful cry that broke his heart. She was refusing. She was scared out of her wits, but she was refusing, and why? To please him. It made him feel sick to his stomach.  



"No, Ralts. You don't need to hurt yourself for me to like you. We can challenge the Gym later, once you've become stronger. Every trainer loses sometime, and my winning streak was sure to run out sooner or later. Let me stop the fight."  



Part of her was as realistic as him; she wanted to tell him yes, call off the fight, bring her to the Pokemon Center and make it stop hurting again, put her back in her Pokeball so she could sleep and hope it never opened again. But another part---and in her it was by far the stronger part---refused to give up so easily. She had sensed him placing his hopes in her, and no matter what he said, she knew how badly he wanted to win here. It was more than just her duty as a Pokemon; it was her duty as his Ralts, his companion, and no fear could overpower that primal urge.  



She pulled away from his hands and wiped the blood from her face, glaring at Makuhita. Her psychic cloak whipped around her once again, far more bright and densely compacted than it had been before. She had spent much of her life running away, but no longer. If it would make that boy smile at her, she would stand against anything.  



He considered ending the match anyway, but the determination on her face swayed him. Would she win? He could not say for certain. COULD she win? Oh yes, he thought, she most certainly could. Buried underneath her timidity was something as hot as molten steel, and she could forge that part of her in any way she liked.  



"Alright, but be careful. Let's give it our all." His eyes appraised the enemy Pokemon and the scorched mark on the wall behind him. "Even if that last attack had hit him, it wouldn't have been enough to take him down. You're going to need to go for maximum power if you want to defeat him, and it's too dangerous to get in close. Psywave is the only real option."  



She squeaked approvingly and focused, gathering the energy from her cloak and into her palms. It was a difficult task to prepare, and Makuhita realized her vulnerability and charged at her motionless form with fearful speed. A moment before he struck her, she opened her hands and sent a surge of crackling energy into his chest, sending Makuhita rolling across the floor in an ungainly cartwheel. The crowd gasped at the sudden surge of power from the tiny Psychic Pokemon, and even Brawly raised an eyebrow at what he'd seen. Psywave was a very difficult technique to master, even for fully-evolved Pokemon. Either the Ralts had been very lucky or she was very gifted.  



"Up, Makuhita! Do not fear!" Brawly pointed at Ralts, whose psychic aura had greatly dimmed from the use of her last attack. "Strike now while she's vulnerable! One hit will do it!"  



Makuhita didn't need the command; furious at being smacked around by such a frail creature, he lunged at her again, this time feinting and weaving to make her far less likely to be able to hit him. Though it slowed him somewhat, Ralts wasn't even halfway done preparing another Psywave when he closed in to striking distance. The instant before Makuhita could deliver a crushing blow, she canceled the attack...and then vanished with a dull flash.  



The crowd erupted in angry boos and the boy's heart sank. She had fled. She had shown so much courage, so much promise, even managing to wound this mighty opponent...but in the end she was simply too young and frightened to fight like this. It was his own fault, really, for pushing her to do so and allowing her to continue despite his apprehensions. The referee was opening his mouth to announce Brawly's victory when something thoroughly unexpected happened.  



Ralts fell from the dark rafters of the Gym's ceiling, landing on the unguarded Makuhita's shoulders, her psychic energy immediately bursting into a small tornado. Neither trainer could react as she clung to her enemy's neck, desperately resisting his violent attempts to shake her off. Her teeth rattled together from the rough thrashing, icy pain surging through her cracked jaw, but she did not relent. She carefully wrapped her slim legs around Makuhita's throat, placed a small hand on either side of his chubby head, and unleashed a point-blank blast of Confusion. The creature's struggling ceased immediately as he fell to his knees in a silent, boneless heap, blood running from his ears. Once she was certain that he was unconscious, she disentangled herself from his heavy limbs and dropped onto the Gym floor, looking up at her trainer with a childish, prideful smile.  



At first he could only stare back at her, disbelieving, but then the crowd burst into cheers and startled him out of his daze.  



"The last of Brawly's Pokemon is unable to continue!" the referee boomed. "The winner of this match, and moving into the advanced division of the League Challenge, Slash Firestorm of Oldale!"  



Ralts squeaked in surprise as Slash scooped her up and hugged her tightly, and not even her broken jaw could dim the pleasure she felt at having so pleased her master. The joy that she felt radiating over their bond...that was what her kind lived for. That was all it took to make her forget her fears and feel happy, truly happy, for the first time in a long time.




"They shouldn't be cheering for me," Slash whispered into her ear. "This is your victory, not mine. Maybe they'll forget that, but I never will. Thank you, Ralts."




The little bundle shifted comfortably in his arms, chirping happily, then winced at the sudden pain in her jaw. Slash was surprised to realize that, on some very faint level, he could actually feel her pain in his own mind. He knew about the bonds between trainers and those of the Gardevoir line, but before now his knowledge had been strictly academic. This, though...it was something else. There was more than just that pain flowing through the slim connection between them. He could feel her slight discomfort at the boisterous crowd's chanting in her sensitive ears. He could sense her warm pleasure at being held by him. And most of all he felt her simple, childish love for him. Never in his life had someone looked up to him like that, and it stirred up protective instincts that he hadn't even realized dwelt within him.




"Let's go get you fixed up," he said, gently patting her on the head. "Then we'll go celebrate. You've certainly earned it."




She snuggled against his chest as they walked out into the bright tropical sun.




---




Ralts squealed with joy, her eyes huge and happy, as Slash set the large bowl of ice cream in front of her. He sat across from her with his own meal and smiled at her delight in this simple pleasure. He wondered, not for the first time, what kind of life she had led before he'd found her. The one time he'd asked about her family had resulted in her bursting into painful tears that hadn't dried up until she'd fallen asleep. Since then he hadn't asked any more questions. There weren't any questions that really mattered anymore. She had nowhere else to go and did not want to leave him; he certainly didn't want to part with her unless he had to. He had never thought of himself as a soft-hearted person, but the little girl who was rapidly getting chocolate on her face had already stolen his heart.




He sat back in his seat, absently munching at his food, enjoying the peace and quiet after the chaotic battle. Ralts was fully healed of her injuries after a brief visit to the Pokemon Center. His other Pokemon would take a while longer to mend their wounds, and he'd have to think of a way to reward them for their efforts as well. It wasn't their fault that their trainer had sent them against an opponent of Brawly's ability long before they were ready.




Never again, Slash thought to himself. He had torn through the preliminary league at an incredibly fast pace; he had set off on his adventure less than three weeks ago and already two badges were in his grasp. An easy victory at the Rustboro Gym had made him overconfident, and that was why he'd foolishly challenged Brawly almost as soon as he'd arrived in Dewford. He could no long afford to be so carefree about these challenges. The preliminary league was little more than a test to see if trainers had cheated their way through the academy, but the advanced league was where the games stopped and the Gym Leaders rarely held back.




He rubbed his fingers over his new badge. His Pokemon had suffered a great deal for this small piece of metal. Was it worth it? Even if they fought for him willingly, was it really worth their pain?




It was something he would be thinking about for a long time.




---




"Thank you," Slash called behind him as he left the Pokemon Center with his now-healthy team. Ralts rode atop his shoulder, breathing in the salty sea breeze. He supposed that he'd have to return her to her Pokeball sooner or later, but for now he just couldn't bring himself to do it. She looked so happy perched on top of him, curious eyes darting over the huge and unfamiliar ocean. She leaned down and squeaked something into his ear, and Slash was surprised to find that he could understand her. It was not precise, not like he would have with another human, but it was far more clear than the vague understanding he had with his other Pokemon. He almost felt that he heard an echo behind her audible words, something that was heard with his mind instead of through his ears.




She was asking about what they were going to do next.




"Slateport's our next destination," he said to her. "There's no Gym there, but we have to deliver that package to the shipyard. We've saved up a good amount of money, but a little more can't hurt. After that I suppose we can take in some of the sights. There's a lot to see in Slateport...a big outdoor market, the museum, the beach..."




Ralts chirped excitedly, pointing at the ocean.




"We'll see. We'll have to be careful if we do, though...do you even know how to swim?"




"Ralts!"




"Well there's a big difference between swimming in a lake and swimming in the ocean. I don't want you to get swept away by the waves or---"




He turned a corner and ran into something hard, falling on his rear into the sand. Ralts just barely managed to hang onto his neck and avoid a nasty tumble of her own.




"Watch where you're going, you stupid little punk," a harsh voice hissed.




Slash's head snapped up as he prepared to make a retort, but then he got his first glimpse of the shadow standing over them and his throat went as dry and scratchy as sandpaper. He tried to stand up, but his body failed to respond. It was as though that one glimpse had stolen away his life.




The man was tall and lean, with long black hair that flowed freely in the sea breeze. One might mistake him for a woman if they looked at him from behind, but they'd make no such mistake if they saw his face; it was sharp, angular, predatory. He wore some strange device on his right ear with a lens that stretched over one eye. His long black coat was buttoned up in spite of the warm weather. He glared down at Slash with unconcealed disgust, his red...red?...eyes blazing.




"Did you hear me, kid?"




At last Slash managed to regain control of his body and he slowly climbed to his feet, barely aware of the shivering Ralts still clinging to his neck. "Relax, man, I'm sorry. It's no big deal." But it FELT like a big deal; it FELT like he had just run into something feral and hungry. The man pressed a button on the strange device on his face and a computerized readout flickered on the lens. Slash couldn't read the mirrored text in the brief moment that it was up, but whatever it was seemed to interest the man, because suddenly those red eyes narrowed on him.




(No, not on me,) Slash would think later. (He wasn't looking at me at all.)




"I'm not looking for any trouble," Slash said, a hand drifting to his belt of Pokeballs. "But if you start something, I won't just stand here."




A strange smile formed on the man's lips, a mixture of amusement and annoyance. "If I wanted to start something, you wouldn't stand again for the rest of your life. Fortunately for you, I have more pressing matters to attend to than dealing with clumsy kids. Now get on your way."




He moved past Slash and then stopped and spoke without turning. "Keep working on that Ralts. She has...potential." With that, he kept walking.




Slash brushed the sand from his jeans, watching the man disappear around a corner. The fact that he was out of sight did not bring him much comfort; it was as though he'd lost track of a hungry Aggron who could now be lurking anywhere.




"Who was that guy?" he asked, more to himself than Ralts. He didn't think that he was an Aqua or Magma, but there was certainly an ominous aura about him nonetheless. He briefly thought of informing the police about the strange man before realizing that he'd committed no crime beyond being an asshole. Ralts cooed up at him questioningly. "I don't know. What was his problem?"




Slash tried to shake it off, but he couldn't rid himself of the feeling that, like with Brawly, he had just gotten in way over his head. Deciding to ignore it for the time being, he and Ralts went on to look for their ride to Slateport, their two badges glimmering in the late summer sun.




-----




To be continued.
