
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.


*   A/N: Finally, the first 'real' chapter.  



Thanks to those who have reviewed, and to those who continue to do so, it's greatly appreciated! I'm honestly surprised at the lack of flames...I know I haven't gotten anywhere close to the human/Pokemon relationship/sex, but I thought that the concept would draw some anger. Ah, well, I'm happy to see that there's a pretty open-minded audience around here!  



Incidentally, I decided to keep something that I said I was deciding against in a review response. Upon re-examining my plans for the storyline, I decided that it was important for the later development of the antagonist. It's only mentioned briefly in this chapter, but will be expanded upon later.  



I'm also happy with how many hits I've gotten in such a short time. Very cool.  



Well, onto the chapter, here we go! Hope you enjoy!  

---



**Chapter 3: The Man With Demon Eyes**  





Leather boots crunching in the sand, Kiako passed not twenty yards away from Slash as he headed towards Slateport City.  



The young trainer did not notice, as he was relaxing with his eyes closed under a large umbrella, while his Pokemon were busy making a sandcastle a few feet away. Ralts was facing away from the dark man as he passed by; had she not been so young, she might have sensed his presence.  



Kiako, of course, made note of Slash and his full Pokemon team, including running a quick power scan on them all, but did not try to start a confrontation; he had more important things to do than wipe out a two-badge runt with Pokemon that were barely out of their eggs. Business before pleasure.  



Although, in his line of work, he found business to be quite pleasurable most of the time.  



Stepping out of soft sand and onto the hard cobbles of the town, he walked out of hearing range of passersby and activated his communicator.  



"I've entered Slateport. I'm about to begin my search for the Pearl."  



The dark voice carried over the com channel like velvet; smooth, cultured, and resonating with carefully-honed authority. "Very good. Our operatives believe that a man named Captain Stern, the one who recovered the artifact, has recently returned to town. Do whatever it takes to obtain the Pearl. Use any force necessary."  



"Understood, sir."  



"We also have intelligence reporting that Team Aqua is in the area. While it is unlikely that they're interested in the Pearl...or even aware of it...if they get in your way, kill them. I'm sure you can handle _them_ without back-up."  



Kiako's eyes flashed. "I will have no difficulties exterminating those weaklings if they interfere. I will report in when I have obtained the artifact. Sensiari out."  



Switching off his communicator, he felt his pulse race at the very thought of battle, even if it was with the likes of Team Aqua. It'd been far too long since he and his Pokemon had last made their presence known.  



_At last, something other than quiet investigation,_ Kiako thought to himself, smiling. _About damn time._  



------------------------------------------------  



After an hour or so of sunbathing, Slash grudgingly starting packing up to leave, pulling his shirt back on and throwing away the soda cans he and his Pokemon had emptied. While he'd had to be persuaded to spend some time at the beach (mostly by Ralts and her most sweet-sounding pleading), he had to admit, it was nice to relax after a straight week of hard battles and travel.  



"Ralts!" The small psychic Pokemon hopped around the sandcastle, gesturing proudly at her and the others' work.  



"I know, you all did a very good job!" Slash said proudly, causing Ralts to squeak with happiness and climb onto his shoulder. "Alright guys, we've done enough relaxing today. We need to get some stuff done." After toweling the sand off of his Pokemon, he sent Growlithe, Corphish, and Geodude back into their Pokeballs, and began to head towards the large seaside city.  



--------------------------------------------  



When the black-haired, black-garbed man walked into the shipyard, Dock made sure to keep an eye on him. While he didn't look like Team Aqua (or Team Magma, for that matter), he still looked unusual, dressed in a long coat in summer heat...it raised a hint of suspicion.  



As the dark man began approaching him, Dock made sure to keep a hand on the Pokeball under the desktop he was working at...just in case.  



"I need to know where Captain Stern is," the stranger said, his tone not the brash arrogance of Team Aqua, but of a polite, slightly rushed and impatient businessman.  



Dock relaxed a bit. "The captain is probably at the Oceanic Museum. He recently brought back several artifacts from his deep-sea explorations, and they're being displayed there."  



The man nodded and turned to leave. "Thank you for your cooperation."  



After he left, Dock felt as though there was something else unusual about the guy, though he couldn't quite put his finger on it...but then he remembered.  



The man's eyes were red. Not bloodshot; the irises...they were the dark red of blood.  



-----------------------------------------------  



Slash and Ralts sighed happily as they stepped into the chilly air of the museum, a welcome respite from the hot summer day. Ocean exhibits lined the walls, and isolated experiment chambers stood on pedestals throughout the main floor. Ralts pointed at a large aquarium full of Clamperl and a couple other odder species, mystified at the unknown Pokemon. Slash walked up and examined the plaque by the tank.  



"Apparently those other two are called Huntail and Gorebyss, and they're both possible evolutionary branches for Clamperl," Slash read to Ralts, who cooed in wonderment. "Sure look different from their first form. Pretty neat, huh?"  



"Ralts!"  



"Well, we need to go ahead and deliver this to Stern," he said, making Ralts sigh disappointedly. She waved to the aquarium Pokemon, and laughed happily as one of the Gorebyss waved its fins back at her.  



Slash smiled, promising himself to take Ralts back to the museum for a real visit later. _She's like a little kid,_ Slash thought to himself. _All curious about the world...a little scared of the unknown, but still wanting to know about it. I should encourage her learning...it might help her get over her shy streak._  



Upstairs, a young scientist was looking intensely at one of the more valuable exhibits, scribbling something down in a notepad.  



"Captain Stern?"  



"Yes, yes, you must be the one Devon sent," Stern looked up and shook Slash's hand. "You have the package?"  



Slash nodded, handing over the parcel. "If you don't mind me asking, what's so important about it? Apparently Devon was attacked by Team Aqua twice over this."  



"It contains the blueprints needed for the completion of our new deep-sea research vessel," Stern said. "We're working on a new submersible for exploring the deepest regions of the ocean. With it, we could learn so much more...even with our current technology, we're still finding new things," he gestured towards the case he was studying, which contained a small, sapphire-colored sphere, "and the farther we can go, the more we can---"  



Suddenly, a muffled blast shook the museum, shattering windows, cracking the tougher glass around the displays, and making the entire building shudder on its foundations.  



-------------------------------------------------  



A few blocks away, Kiako found himself surrounded by shouting, frightened people fleeing the explosion. A dark plume of smoke rose into the clear blue sky, palling the sun's glare and casting a shadow over the town.  



"Looks like they're here, all right," he said to himself, grinning with anticipation. Slipping a hand into the folds of his coat, he pulled out a Pokeball, and began to sprint towards the chaos.  



--------------------------------------------------  



Ralts squealed and gripped Slash's hair hard, fighting the urge to teleport away. Less than a day ago, she likely would have; she hadn't survived in the wild by fighting. However, the bond she'd developed with her trainer, although new, was strong; she was not going to abandon him to be injured or killed.  



"What was that?" Stern glanced around, moaning at the damage to the display cases in the room. Slash kept a hand on his belt, ready to send out his Pokemon at a moment's notice.  



"I don't know...Ralts, do you sense anything? What's going on down there?"  



"Ralts!"  



Slash could feel her trembling, clutching reflexively to him, struggling not to flee. He considered sending her back into her ball to keep her safe; however, he instinctively knew that, while part of her did want to hide, she'd be heartbroken if he showed such a lack of faith in her. As loud footfalls echoed up the staircase, he gently stroked her hair, trying to calm the frightened creature.  



"Shhh, calm down, Ralts. Whatever happens, we'll face it together."  



She clung to his neck as two men burst into the room, each sporting the same tattoo Slash had seen on Briney. A Poochyena growled alongside one of them; a Carvanha hovered by the other. Both Pokemon looked exceptionally strong, much more muscled than typical specimens of their respective species.  



And the Carvanha had fresh blood on its fangs.  



"Well, looks like we hit the jackpot," the Poochyena wielder said, glaring at Captain Stern, who clutched the package to his chest. "Hand over the papers, Stern, and maybe we won't tear up your museum any more than we had to already."  



The Carvanha wielder smiled viciously. "And maybe no one else will have to suffer like that pretty little receptionist downstairs did."  



"Bastards!" Stern shouted, lunging towards them before Slash grabbed his arm and pulled him back. The captain still stood his ground, gripping the blueprints defiantly. "There's no way I'm letting this technology fall into the hands of monsters like you!"  



Taking a few steps closer, the Aquas grinned. "Monsters?", the Poochyena user asked mockingly. "It's not like we killed her. Besides, I hear they do wonders with prosthetics these days!"  



Before they could come any closer, Slash, fast as lightning, whipped out his Pokeballs and released Growlithe, Corphish, and Geodude, who instinctively took defensive positions around their trainer and the captain. Ralts, while frightened, was not about to abandon her trainer; she began to focus her psychic energy, blue swirls of it flowing around her frail body.  



"Ralts...don't try to attack the Pokemon," Slash whispered to her. "Your psychic powers won't affect them. Focus on the Aquas themselves."  



She nodded in understanding, the small light show seeming to amuse the two terrorists greatly.  



"Aw, how cute," Carvanha-guy laughed. "Little thing thinks she can stop us."  



His Pokemon snapped its massive jaws together loudly, sounding like a gunshot in the small room. Drops of blood, human blood, spattered onto the hard floor.  



_Shit,_ Slash thought to himself. _Water...and Dark. Ralts, Growlithe, and Geodude don't stand a chance if those Pokemon get at them._  



"Corphish, Vicegrip!"  



As the Pokemon obeyed his orders, crouching and preparing to lunge at the Aquas, a tremendous roar shook the building, nearly as forceful as the explosion. Loose glass crumbled out of window frames, and one of the exhibition cases shattered with a crash. Slash, Stern, the Aquas and their Pokemon all jumped and turned towards the source of the cry, the pitch-black staircase.  



"What the hell was that?" one of the Aquas asked, taking a step back from the stairs. His Poochyena, fur standing on end, withdrew a few steps as well, growling with fear.  



The other Aqua took a defensive position by his partner. "I don't know...I don't even know what Pokemon that could be...not even the boss has something that sounds like that..."  



Heavy footsteps began heading up the stairs, shaking hanging plaques and making the floor tremble.  



All other eyes on the doorway, Stern quietly slipped a hand into the broken display case, palming the artifact inside and slipping it into his pocket. While it didn't seem that anyone was after it, he could not afford it being stolen.  



And then, the footsteps stopped.  



Suddenly, a blast of fire shot from the staircase, striking one of the Aquas directly and sending him flying into a row of displays, the cracked glass shattering as he hit it. All eyes in the room followed the movement, and when the man had slumped down into the sharp shards silently, half his skin scorched off, it was evident that he was no longer alive.  



It had happened so fast that the man hadn't even had time to scream.  



Everybody froze. The dead man's Poochyena stared in shock at the mangled, burnt corpse of its trainer. Everyone else's eyes were locked on the darkened staircase, which now, again, echoed with the heavy footfalls of...whatever had done this.  



And then it emerged.  



A gigantic monstrosity of iron and stone pushed itself through the narrow entrance to the room, its thick tail cutting gouges into the floor. Twice as tall as a man, with claws were nearly half a foot long, its two-foot long horns scraped the ceiling; its metallic fangs clashed sparks in its huge maw. Everyone in the room, human and Pokemon, stepped back.  



Nudging into the room behind this twelve-foot monster was a blazing creature that, while small in comparison to the tremendous metal beast, was still as large as a tall man; flames raged on its shoulders, warming the entire room up within seconds; its small, razored claws cut into the wall as it pushed past its companion.  



Slash stared at the two Pokemon in stunned silence; never before had he seen creatures this large, this intimidating. Looking at his own small, young team, he realized that he had no chance whatsoever in a fight, and to think otherwise would be a fatal mistake.  



"Ralts...if those things attack, I want you to teleport us out of here," he whispered, but Ralts didn't respond; she had her face buried in his hair, trembling. "Ralts! Come on, I need you to be able to get us out---"  



Suddenly, the two vicious beasts each moved to the side of the entrance to the room, and a black-haired man stepped between them. Slash gasped when he realized that he recognized him.  



"It's you!!!"  



Kiako smiled condescendingly, his red eyes flashing. "Ah, the little runt from Dewford. I expected to see you in town, but never thought I'd cross paths with you like this..."  



"Just who the fuck are you?" the remaining Aqua shouting, the Poochyena and Carvanha hissing. "This is our operation, so back off before you---"  



"Shut up, worm. Aggron, remove this trash from my sight."  



The huge metal beast lunged at the Aqua faster than anyone would have expected something so large to move; with a single swipe of its claws, the Aqua and the Pokemon were ripped into pieces, blood splashing onto the creature's armored body, slowly running down to the floor.  



Again, there had been no time to scream.  



Slash nearly vomited at the sight of what remained. Stern fell back onto the floor, scrabbling away until his back was against the wall.  



Kiako's expression lightened as he stepped towards the two; however, his eyes were still glowing---actually glowing---with bloodlust. "Well, as much as I'd like to continue enjoying myself, I do have some business to attend to. Captain Stern---"  



"No! I don't care what you...what you do with me! I'm not handing over the blueprints!"  



Rolling his eyes, Kiako laughed. "Oh, come now, Stern. You really think I'd concern myself with something so trivial? The people I work for already have technology to rival your most impressive vessels. I come for something much more important."  



Realization dawned over Stern. "No...please, don't...you can't take it!"  



"I'm afraid that I can, and I will. Hand over the Sea Pearl, now. Or maybe Aggron will sharpen his claws on your bones. Or perhaps you'd like a fatal sunburn courtesy of Magmortar here? Your call..."  



Slash stepped between Kiako and Stern, his Pokemon by his side. "Stop this! I don't know who you are, but whatever it is you want, it's not worth the lives of any more people!"  



Red eyes blazed and considered him. "Little boy, stay out of grown-up affairs, unless you want to throw your life away."  



"No! I'm not going to let you kill him!"  



Kiako closed his eyes, amused. "Oh, don't worry. Stern will come to no harm...if he gives me the Pearl, right this instant. If he does, I will leave and never trouble him again. If not," he gestured to Aggron and Magmortar. "Well, I'm permitted to use whatever force is necessary to accomplish my goal."  



Stern stood up on wobbly legs. "I'm sorry...but the Pearl isn't here."  



"Oh really."  



"Yes! It's in the lab, still being examined! I can get it for you!"  



A readout flickered over the device on Kiako's face, and the dark man's expression suddenly turned ominous. "You take me for a fool, do you? It's on your person. And you will pay the price for your attempts at deceit. Magmortar, incinerate this worm. The Pearl is indestructible, so do not worrying about holding back."  



"No!!!" Slash ran at Kiako, Ralts screeching in fear at getting any closer to the frightening man and his terrifying Pokemon. But before he could get within punching range, the man's left arm suddenly...changed.  



Before he knew what had happened, Slash found himself ten feet away on the ground, blood running from his mouth. Ralts had been knocked off of his shoulder, laying in a curled ball in a corner, surrounded by her teammates.  



"Uhh...what the...hell?" Slash groaned, looking up. His vision was dizzy, but he could have sworn the man's arm had just returned to human shape from...something else.  



Kiako glared at him, his Pokemon keeping an eye on Stern, whose death warrant was already signed. "Little boy, I gave you fair warning. I only let you live because you may serve some use for me in the future. But I warn you...interfere again and you will die, just as this man will."  



Slash crawled over to Ralts and his other Pokemon, who crowded around their injured trainer. "What...what the hell are you?"  



Ignoring the fallen boy, Kiako turned to Magmortar and nodded. The fiery beast expelled a blast of fire at Stern, who screamed as his body was torn apart into cinders by the force of the attack. The blueprints for the new research vessel, as well, burst into flames and disintegrated.  



A small blue sphere fell from the ashes, untouched by the flame, rolling to Kiako's feet. He picked it up, gave it a close look, and smiled.  



"At long last...the second Pearl. Magnificent."  



Kiako turned to the corner full of Slash's huddled team. "Well, I have obtained what I came for. If I were you, I'd learn from this encounter, and stay out of my way from now on."  



Growlithe growled threateningly towards him, but Aggron and Magmortar merely smirked at the small creature.  



"No, Growlithe...don't."  



Slash stood up shakily, looking the man in the eye. "I don't know who you are...but whatever that object is, it wasn't worth all this...all this destruction and death."  



"Oh, little boy, how very wrong you are. This small object brings me and my people one step closer to attaining our goal."  



"And who are 'your people'?"  



Smiling, Kiako took a step towards him. "That's nothing for you to concern yourself with. However, I will give you my name: I am Kiako Sensiari, known by some as the Man with Demon Eyes. Remember my name...and vacate the area next time you hear it, or you may suffer the same fate as those pitiful Aquas---"  



"Why did you kill them? They may be terrorists, but they're still human beings, dammit!"  



"Don't make me laugh. I killed them for the same reason you'd kill a couple of cockroaches. Not because they're a threat...but because they disgust me." Kiako spat in the direction of the mangled corpses. "Stern had the chance to save his life, but he chose to lie to me. A mistake he did not live to repeat."  



Kiako turned his back to Slash and began to head back down the stairs. "You want to kill me, don't you? I can feel it just as surely as your Ralts can feel that I am not precisely human. I'd attempt to resist the urge to try."  



Slash felt a twinge of fear at this man; the color of his eyes, the strange thing he'd done with his arm...just what _was_ he?  



"It does not matter. Heed my words, Slash Firestorm of Oldale; stay out of my way. If you want to live, then you will not follow me. You will spend the night at this town and then continue on your Pokemon quest."  



Slash did not respond, and Kiako sighed in impatient exasperation. "You still plan on trying to stop me? Little boy, you know not what you'd be getting involved with. However, I shall leave you with...a small example of why you should take my advice and forget about me."  



He snapped his fingers, and Aggron turned to face Slash, a twisted fanged grin spreading over its face.  



"Ralts!!!"  



The four Pokemon stood defiantly in front of Slash, ready to give their lives for their trainer, glaring at the iron beast defiantly.  



But it was useless.  



"Aggron, Shock Wave."  



A sparking jolt of electricity flew across the room, zipping by the other Pokemon too fast for any of them to react. It struck Slash in the chest, sending him to the ground, screaming in agony.  



Slash clutched convulsively at his body, trying to stave off the voltage that was crackling through him. Ralts began to race to her master, but Growlithe barked and stood in her way, telling her that to touch him now would be fatal.  



Geodude grabbed onto Slash's arm, his ground-element nullifying the electricity and stopping the attack from inflicting any more damage, but it was too late; Slash felt his head spin, and everything went black. The last thing he saw was Ralts pushing past Growlithe and crying over his collapsed form, begging him to say something.  



----------------------------------------------  



To be continued.
