
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

*   A/N: YEAH YEAH I KNOW, I'M LATE BY A WHOLE...LIKE, TWO HOURS. Waaaah  



Okay, couple things.  



After this chapter, I'm going to be working on a few other projects of mine for a bit. I know, I know, you all love Sinners, but I've been neglecting a few other pieces for far too long. I wasn't prepared for the overwhelming response to Sinners and let those other stories slide into obscurity. :-(  



I'm going to add at least one chapter to all my other WIP's, and probably more to Ballad of the Wind Fish. I may write a sequel to my Jesus/Muhammad slashfic (surprisingly, I've gotten more death threats in regards to this fic than that one; of course, all the Sinners death threats are 'update or I'll kill you', so I still feel loved, heh).  



Sinners will not be abandoned; in fact, it's possible I'll get in the zone and write another chapter up randomly. I'm not anywhere near the good part of this story yet. Honestly, while y'all seem to love this story, I'm kinda :meh: so far with it. These first ten or so chapters feel kind of...forced, because it's not the main plot of story yet. Once Kirlia evolves into Gardevoir (which will be somewhat soon, heh), the main storyline will start to become clear and I'll be writing fast and free, and the quality level of Sinners will skyrocket.  



So if you're wow'ed now, strap yourselves in; we're just getting started.  



So, a few notes about this chapter.  



1) I hate writing battles. I much rather prefer fluff and character interaction. But a battle here is necessary, so...yeah.  



2) I let this chapter get quite a bit longer than I originally intended. Ah, well.  



3) I totally stole a certain death scene from GUN, lol. GUN's such a fucking awesome game...I'm sure anyone who's played the game will recognize the dialogue ;-)  



4) FLUFF.  



5)
    I use the term 'kaishakunin' in here; it's a term I'm adopting for a Pokemon a trainer always has by their side, outside of a Pokeball. It's derived from the term for 'the second' in Japanese ritualistic seppuku, the one who would decapitate the seppuku-er at the moment of agony. The rationale for this being that one intending to commit seppuku would only ask someone they had great trust in for such a position, as it requires near-flawless swordsmanship and timing...and a trainer would have to have a lot of trust in letting a Pokemon fully capable of killing them to be out and about all the time.  

    This is probably the only Japanese term I will use in this story...unlike many anime fans, I do NOT speak fluent Japanese, or even semi-fluent, or even BASIC Japanese. I know about seppuku, I know what a haori is, I know what gomen nasai means; that's about it, lol.  



Anyway, enjoy!  



-------------------------------------------------------------  



**Chapter 9: Flame and Thunder**  







Several miles away, in the quiet town of Verdanturf, the people had been awake for quite some time.  



The men of the town awoke with tired, sore muscles and aching hands, yet there was pride in their pain; the tunnel that occupied all the townspeople's work for so long was nearly complete, and would usher in a new era of prosperity for the small village. For so long, Verdanturf had only been known for its proximity to the much larger town of Mauville; once the Rusturf Tunnel was finished, there would be a massive influx of people from Rustboro City, resulting in a huge boon of tourists, trainers, and travelers.  



As the strong men of the town were finishing their breakfasts and gathering their tools, one person had been up and about even earlier, moving loads of rock out of the tunnel and into the gravel pit by himself at a rather impressive pace.  



Not too bad, considering this man had seen nearly seventy summers.  



Emerging from the dark maw of the tunnel with a wheelbarrow full of stone, Watson flashed a smile at the Verdanturf children who were happily playing amongst the dew-coated grass, as well as at the slightly incredulous younger workers who were just a bit embarrassed at a man his age being so damned persistent. Emptying the load in the pit, he sat himself down on the ground, wincing at the soreness in his legs as he did so. Wiping a sheen of sweat from his brow, he turned his thoughts to Mauville.  



He'd been gone for nearly a week now, and wasn't looking forward to the glut of trainers he'd likely have to face on his return. It was his experience that the trainers seeking to challenge him would stay in town until he returned, and would all line up at the doors of the Gym as soon as he showed up. He loved to battle, but he was getting old, and it was difficult to keep up with the tenacity of the typical youthful trainers.  



But nevertheless, he needed to get back soon. Mauville was a large, important town, and while that made it a popular spot for tourists, it also made it a popular spot for troublemakers. There were some good trainers among the townspeople there, but not enough to handle a serious crisis.  



And speaking of such a thing, his Manectric suddenly ran over to him, barking impatiently, clearly very agitated.  



"What's wrong, m'boy?" Watson asked, pulling himself back up to his feet, beginning to think that physically exhausting himself so early in the day may have been a very bad idea.  



Manectric gave a series of short barks which, while not as clear to Watson as, say, the bond between Slash and his Kirlia, still conveyed the intended message efficiently enough: something was wrong in Mauville. The wind was blowing from that direction, and the smell of smoke and blood was permeating the breeze.  



Eyes widening, Watson nodded at his Pokemon and turned to the confused townspeople.  



"My friends, something is wrong back at Mauville. I think we're going to need some help." When a flurry of men shouted to volunteer, Watson stopped them with a raised hand. "Not everyone; we can't leave the tunnel undefended. You three, come with me. The rest of you, be careful...something foul is in the works."  



With that, he chased after his sprinting Pokemon, the few trainers he'd chosen struggling to keep up with them. In spite of their youth and Watson's age, they found themselves having a difficult time doing so.  



--------------------------------------------  



The windows of the Mauville Pokemon Center exploded.  



There was a tremendous roar coming from within, and then all the glass panels of the entire building burst outwards with a thunderous crash, followed by a massive blast of hot air that surely would have killed anyone standing in front of the windows.  



Inside, a battle was raging.  



Kirlia stood protectively in front of Slash, using her psychic powers to shield him from the intense heat of Camerupt's attacks. However, despite her best efforts, it was not perfect, and both Pokemon and Human were slightly singed.  



Luckily for them, they were not the Pokemon's primary target. Corphish was scuttling around the room as fast as it could, trying to both dodge the mighty Camerupt's powerful blows and draw the focus of the attacks away from its trainer.  



Barely avoiding a blast of Flamethrower so hot that it set the wall ablaze, Corphish aimed a Water Gun straight at Camerupt, and hit dead-on.  



"All right, direct hit!" Slash cheered, keeping an eye on Maxie, knowing that he was a threat as well; Kirlia could render him unconscious with a single blast of Confusion, but that would require her to drop the shield that was protecting the two of them; a risky venture at best.  



Camerupt staggered backward as it absorbed the blow; Corphish may have been low-level and unevolved, but Camerupt's immense weakness to water was still great.  



Maxie looked at the look of pain on his Pokemon's face, and realized that while it was still almost a sure thing that it would win---the level advantage was very much in its favor---it would not do to take any risks, especially after his henchmen were so easily dispatched.  



"Camerupt, Sunny Day!" Maxie shouted, smiling coolly at Slash as the entire room seemed to shimmer from the sudden increase in heat. "Boy, you have no idea what you've gotten yourself into. You don't stand the slightest chance of winning now."  



Slash glared at him, wincing as the intense temperature made his minor burns sting in pain. "I'm not going to give up, you bastard. I'm not letting murdering scum like you get away with your crimes!"  



"Then you'll die," Maxie said simply. "I give you this last chance; surrender and give me the case. Me and my men will leave and you can go on your way in peace. It's the smart thing to do."  



_Master, don't do it. I'm not afraid to die here, if it means dying trying to stop him._  



Slash looked down at Kirlia's determined face, amazed at how much more confident and courageous she'd gotten in such a short time.  



"You're certainly not the same Ralts I captured," he said with a smile. He then turned to Maxie, hardening his gaze. "My answer is this. Fuck you and the Rapidash you rode in on. You'll have to kill us to stop us."  



Maxie seemed to be almost disappointed when he responded, and in truth, he was. He did not want to kill this young man; he was still a child by his standards. But nevertheless, he was willing to, and would.  



"So be it. Camerupt, attack!"  



The large beast unleashed another Flamethrower attack, which the more nimble Corphish was just barely able to dodge; however, this one blasted straight through the wall it struck, creating a blackened, smoldering hole where it hit. Corphish cried out in surprise and turned to Slash, who was just as surprised as his Pokemon.  



"Oh hell...that was a lot stronger than before," Slash said to himself, and Maxie laughed.  



"Never seen this technique in action, boy? It's a very useful ability, especially for a Pokemon like Camerupt. Sunny Day increases the power of fire attacks by over 150%. It also weakens the power of water attacks, helping to cover its only significant weakness."  



Slash growled as he turned back to the Pokemon, who were starting up their battle again. This time things were much more serious; before, the fire attacks would have hurt Corphish, but it could have sustained several hits before being taken down. Now...  



A peppering burst of Water Gun struck Camerupt's broad side, but dissolved almost instantly into trails of steam. It was true; Corphish's offensive abilities had been significantly weakened by the Sunny Day technique. While it didn't completely cover Camerupt's massive vulnerability to water, in combination with the level disadvantage, it was simply too great.  



Another blast of fire roared forth, and this time Corphish was not able to avoid it; it took the blow directly, screeching in agony.  



"Corphish!" Slash yelled, about to run to its side when Kirlia stopped him with a gentle but firm push of psychic energy.  



_Master, if you leave the shield, you will die for certain. I cannot defeat this Pokemon; none of our team can, except maybe, just maybe, Corphish. We must put our faith in him!_  



Her trainer looked torn, but realized the logic in her words. Racing to help Corphish would do nothing more than get him and all his friends killed. "You're right. Corphish, c'mon, please get up!"  



The small water Pokemon pulled itself to a standing position with a loud and pained squeak, shaking off the tingling madness of the burns it had sustained. With a cry of determination, it again aimed its claws at the large fire Pokemon, preparing to fire another volley.  



\---------------------------------------------------  



Watson and Manectric were more than halfway to Mauville when they noticed it.  



First came the tremendous crash of shattering glass; then came the sounds of roaring blasts of fire, along with sharp cracking noises of battle. Something very bad was happening in their town.  



And as they ran faster, their lungs burning, with even the younger men from Verdanturf panting for breath, they noticed a sickly dark cloud of smoke rising up from the town...a cloud that blocked the morning sun and darkened the sky.  



The wild Pokemon on the route were huddled in fear amongst the tall grasses, the scent of smoke and fire and blood driving their protective instincts into overdrive. At least that was on Watson's side; his Manectric, with its acute sense of smell, felt its own instincts being driven wild, its heart racing, its breathing quick, not from physical exhaustion (it was capable of outrunning even the faster human runner) but from the stimulus of fear.  



Thankfully, its loyalty to its master overruled its fear, and the group ran on.  



--------------------------------------------  



Corphish flew across the room, striking a wall with a terrible thud before falling to the floor in a scorched heap.  



Its breathing was terribly labored, squeaking in agony from a dozen severe burns on its small body. It tried to rise to its feet, but could not, and slumped unconscious on the ash-strewn floor, blood running from the heat-generated cracks in its shell.  



"Corphish, no!" Slash ran to its side, Kirlia allowing it this time but staying right next to her trainer. He knelt down and cradled the crippled creature in his arms, trying to ascertain just how bad the wounds were under all the soot and ash.  



Maxie walked calmly up to him, his expression grim, no humor left in his eyes.  



"This is your final chance, boy. I break my own word and give you one more chance. Leave now, while you can. Your Pokemon may still live if you get it help immediately. Is it really worth dying here? Is the life of a nurse you never met, a case full of Pokemon you've never met, really worth sacrificing the lives of you and your friends? Do you really want to die here, on the floor, covered in blood and soot?"  



Slash did not answer, but merely rocked Corphish gently, his heart pounding. Kirlia lay a slim hand on his shoulder, trying to soothe him over their bond.  



"Well? What will it be?" Maxie asked.  



"I...I don't..." Slash stammered, suddenly terrified. It was true; he could likely save Corphish, but only if they left now and let Maxie and his men get away...not just getting away with enough Pokemon to cause untold amounts of chaos...but getting away with murder.  



_Master, we cannot let him escape,_ Kirlia whispered to him gently. _You know Corphish would want us to keep fighting. That's how he is. We must not give up..._  



"He'll die if we don't!" Slash yelled, making both her and Maxie (who had no idea Kirlia was telepathically communicating with her trainer) jump. "And us too! Even if we win, by then, he'll die! You stupid bitch, he'll **die**!"  



Kirlia did not feel anger at his words, nor sorrow, nor fear. Another Pokemon might, but not her. She could literally look into his heart and see the fear and uncertainty within, see that his anger was only due to being a frightened young man who just now realized that he was directly responsible for the lives of others, others he cared about. Instead of turning away, she wrapped her arms around Slash's huddled shoulders, letting one hand rest on Corphish's still form.  



_He may. We all may. But if Maxie escapes with that army of Pokemon, many more will die. How many? A few? Dozens? Hundreds? We cannot know, but you know that they will indeed kill. I know that I'd die to stop that from happening. Corphish would as well. And you, I know you would, too._ She sent a soothing pulse of gentleness to Slash's mind, cooling his racing thoughts the slightest bit. _We must do this, master._  



Maxie stood over them silently through all this, idling stroking his Camerupt's side. Ryu and Fiakin were beginning to stir, and he knew that if they were to escape, it would have to be now.  



But just before he could give the order to finish them off, Slash suddenly stood, one Pokemon in his arms and another by his side, a fierce look in his eyes.  



"Maxie, you're right. We can't beat you. All the want and determination in the world can't compensate for the difference in power between us," Slash said in a loud, sure voice. "But neither will we run. We may die...we will almost certainly die...but I will not live knowing I let a murdering thug like you walk away. One way or the other, me and my friends are going to end this right now. Kirlia! Get ready!"  



The Magma Leader's eyes narrowed, motioning to his Pokemon to prepare for battle. Kirlia was tensing up, gathering psychic energy around herself in spiraling whirls of blue light. The broken glass on the ground chattered as the rumble of Camerupt's building power grew louder, and the fires smoldering on the walls flickered and danced as Kirlia's energy swirled throughout the room.  



"Alright, boy," Maxie growled. "We end this. This has gone on long enough."  



Both Slash and Maxie startled as a strong voice sounded from behind them.  



"Yes, it most certainly has."  



-------------------------------------------------------  



They turned, and there was an elderly man at the door (or rather, what was left at the door). At his side was a fierce-looking Manectric, its fur crackling with electricity.  



"Watson!" Maxie exclaimed, taking a step back involuntarily.  



"That's right. Maxie, right? The leader of Team Magma." Watson grimaced and spit to the side. "I'm tired of your bunch snooping around my town. It's about time I clean up you and the rest of your trash."  



Slash and Kirlia stared at Manectric, who looked absolutely primed for battle. Both sensed instinctively the power crackling there; it was on a whole other level than they. Watson saw their expressions and smiled ruefully.  



"Son, thank you for holding him off long enough for me to get here...but this isn't your fight anymore. Take your injured friend to the Gym; there are emergency medical supplies there, enough to stabilize him, least. I trust your Kirlia can handle unlocking the door."  



Despite desperately wanting to stay at the scene to ensure Maxie did not escape, Slash could see the power and experience in the older man, and had a feeling that Watson would be more than a match for the Magmas. Holding Corphish tightly to his chest, he grabbed Kirlia's hand and raced out of the half-destroyed building.  



----------------------------------------------  



"Well, Watson, how will you defeat me, exactly?" Maxie asked tauntingly, trying to hide his growing concern about the rapidly falling-apart mission. "Your Manectric can be the most powerful one of its kind in the world, but it can't even touch Camerupt."  



Watson smiled. "That is true. But surely you don't think that I'm unprepared for foolish trainers that assume a single ground-type can handle me, do you?"  



Maxie's face became expressionless as the Gym Leader pulled a Pokeball from his belt.  



"Go, Lanturn!"  



...and then Maxie's expression become one of near-panicking fear.  



Before the blinding flash of the Pokeball had completely faded, Lanturn was already up and attacking, sending flurries of Hydro Pumps at the blazing beast. Not even the Sunny Day could compensate for the incredible damage the attacks caused, which sent Camerupt rolling to the ground in a soaked heap, blood mixing with the water dripping from its body.  



Manectric raced over to Ryu and Fiakin, who were just now on their feet and reaching for their Pokeballs, and gave both a powerful burst of Thunder Wave, enough to render the unfortunate men right back into hazy unconsciousness. It then turned to Maxie, who had never considered that he might be directly attacked.  



"You---you can't!" He yelled, backing away from the growling Manectric before stumbling over his feet and falling against the slumped, unconscious form of his Camerupt. "You can't!"  



"Oh, but I can," Watson said. He suddenly noticed the scorched corpse of the nurse in the corner, and his gaze grew enraged. "You...you did this."  



He snapped his fingers at Lanturn and Manectric, both of them advancing upon the lone form of Maxie, both preparing to unleash their attacks.  



"You can't!" Maxie screamed again as he realized that Watson was no longer considering merely knocking him out. "You can't! I'm unarmed! My men, my Pokemon, they're defeated!"  



Watson said nothing, but merely walked over right behind his Pokemon.  



"You kill me and your soul will be as cursed as mine!"  



Suddenly, Watson kicked Maxie square in the chest, sending him falling onto his back, and motioned to his Pokemon.  



"This is for her, you bastard."  



There was a blast of water and thunder, and the battle was over.  



----------------------------------------------  



Hours later, things were finally calming down.  



The entire town, staying a cautious distance away from the Pokemon Center when the fighting broke out, broke into cheers when Watson emerged from the roasted structure with Ryu and Fiakin unconscious and tied up, and even more so when he announced that Maxie, the leader of Team Magma, had been killed during their battle.  



Sadly, there were severe losses to Mauville as well. The nurse at the Pokemon Center had been killed...many of the eggs in the incubators had been lost due to the extreme heat of the battle...and, of course, the Center itself was heavily damaged. But with Team Magma's leader dead and two of its top members detained, no one complained when Watson asked for volunteers to repair it. Even travelers coming through town pitched in when they learned of Maxie's demise.  



Corphish was recovering at the makeshift medical center, being tended to like a hero; everyone had heard about the poor little creature taking on the vastly more powerful Pokemon of Team Magma. After being assured Corphish's condition had stabilized, Slash and Kirlia met up with Watson.  



"Young man, you did my town a great service," Watson said, after giving Slash a hearty and firm handshake (which nearly broke Slash's hand). "You and your Pokemon faced nearly unbeatable odds, but you didn't give up. I'm impressed. If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to ask."  



Slash smiled, flushing a little at the unaccustomed gratitude. "Thanks. There is one thing I'd like..."  



"Anything."  



"...a battle. We've got two badges already, but we've got a long way to go. But...after hearing about how you handled the Magmas...it's clear that me and my team have a long way to go before we're up to your calibur."  



Watson nodded in understanding. "Yes...while you've got a lot of spunk and potential, you're also still a greenhorn. From what I've heard about you, you've been moving very fast since you became a trainer...being forced to be on the move constantly, having to face extremely perilous challenges...you've had no time to rest."  



"I suppose that's true...I've only been a trainer for about three weeks now, and most of that time has been pretty busy."  



"So, here's my advice to you, as well as a way to make up the debt I owe you. Stay here a while. Have a roof over your head. Spend some time with your Pokemon...not just training them, but getting to know them. You need to shore up your team if you want to be able to stand against me, my boy," Watson said. "I'll give you a good place to stay, meals on me...I'll even spar with you, if you want. How about it?"  



Slash looked at Kirlia, who gave him an encouraging smile. "Well...I suppose we can do that. I don't want to leave Mauville without a third badge on my vest, anyway, and since I need to train a lot to be able to fight you...yes, I think I'll take you up on that offer. My Pokemon deserve some attention, too..."  



"Excellent! Now that that's settled, you two should go have some fun. I'm guessing you're both not really in the mood for being swamped by crowds, so I recommend you relax in the fields outside of town. It can be very relaxing."  



Slash and Kirlia took his advice on that, too.  



--------------------------------------------------------  



Outside of town, in a quiet meadow that was far enough off the Verdanturf-Mauville trail to have some quiet and privacy, the two decided to have a little picnic.  



For a while, both ate in companionable silence, enjoying the fresh air and cool breeze, letting the gentle winds soothe their singed skin...this setting was certainly a sharp difference from the brutal heat and choking smoke they'd endured during their confrontation with Maxie.  



Kirlia felt that something was weighing heavily on Slash's mind, but also knew that, in this instance, and in this setting, it'd be best to not probe it, to let Slash reveal it on his own. And eventually he did.  



"I'm sorry."  



She looked at him with surprised eyes. _For what?_  



"I...when we were up against that bastard, with Corphish half-dead and with that Camerupt breathing fire down our necks...I snapped at you. I...insulted you." Slash looked down at the grass, shame flowing over their bond. "I had no right to do so, and I'm sorry."  



Kirlia looked at his downturned face for a moment before replying. _It is alright, master._  



Now it was Slash's turn to be surprised. "What?"  



_We were in a very tense situation...a life-and-death situation...and you're new to that. And in a way, it was worse than our confrontation with Kiako, because he hadn't hurt any of us when he threatened our lives. Maxie did...he nearly killed one of your friends._  



"Still, that doesn't give me any right to---"  



_Wait, there's more,_ she said, moving closer to Slash's side. _You haven't ever had this kind of responsibility in your life before...having the lives of others being your responsibility. There's no way to prepare for that, master. I don't blame you one bit for being confused and angry when put up to the fire like that. I am not angry with you, nor do I need an apology._  



Slash looked into Kirlia's deep red eyes and saw the sincerity in them. He sighed, a wonder-struck smile dawning on his face as he _felt_ her sincerity over their bond; then he reached over and put a sleepy arm around her small shoulders, drawing her against his side, making the little Pokemon's face flush.  



"I don't deserve you, Kirlia. You're a better friend than I ever thought possible. I don't know if it's just our bond, or if it's just because you're so understanding...but whatever it is, I don't think I could last without it now."  



She blushed furiously as she heard his words. _(He means this, too...I can feel that over our bond. He really does value me that much...)_  



"I've known you for less than a month," Slash went on, "and yet I already trust you with my life...hell, already I'm willing to give up my life for you. Well, I'd give up my life for any of you, but...I mean...I don't know."  



_I understand, master. You don't have to say anything more._ But inside, she was praying he WOULD say something more...that maybe he had feelings for her that transcended the trainer-Pokemon relationship...that went beyond friendship...that maybe would mirror what she suspected she felt towards him.  



"That's why it was so hard for me to decide what to do when Corphish went down. It's so hard to choose the 'greater good' when it's one of my friends' lives on the line..."  



**(And if it was you laying near-dead in my arms, I don't think I would have made the same decision...)**  



Kirlia startled a bit as she heard that. It took her a moment to realize what had happened, and when she did, her already pounding heart began to race. She'd heard one of Slash's thoughts; not a feeling...not a vague, wordless emotion...but a direct, word-for-word thought. She could tell he did not intend to have that go over their bond; indeed, she could tell that he wasn't even aware she'd heard that thought.  



_(He meant it, too! He would really choose saving my life, even if it meant many others suffering. I'm not sure if that's good or bad, but,)_ she shivered, _(it feels right)_.  



The two sat together like this for a few minutes, enjoying each other's company in a beautiful, serene environment, Kirlia contently leaning against her master's lean frame.  



_...thank you, master. I feel...honored, that you value me that much._ She smiled up at his face, hoping he hadn't ever heard any of HER direct thoughts, because her thoughts were becoming rather...infatuated. _You know I would give my life to protect you...not just because you're my master, but also because you're my friend...someone I deeply admire and---_



_(love)_  


_\---care for._  



Slash smiled down at her happy face, shaking aside the feeling that he'd heard something else from here---something behind her...communication voice.  



"Heh, you know, some people will probably laugh at me...a guy...having such a...clearly feminine Pokemon as you being my Kaishakunin," he laughed, his hand gently stroking her hair. "I don't care, though. You're a powerful Pokemon, and a loyal and trusted friend. They'll just have to learn to deal with me having a beautiful Pokemon with me all the time, huh?"  



While Slash meant this, he had said it to Kirlia in a joking, isn't-this-funny way. However, Kirlia's thoughts were racing at this point, and she had to struggle to make sure none of her thoughts were going over their bond.  



_(did...did he just say I'm his Kaishakunin? His lifelong and most trusted friend?)_  



Then another thought occurred to her.  



_(did he just say I'm beautiful? To me??? Not meaning to only say it to himself?)_  



She checked to see what he was feeling over the bond, and felt happiness...contentment...trust...and...  



Love.  



Her heart seemed to manage to stop and race at the same time. She double-checked it, and, yes, it was love. It was something very, very close to how she felt towards him...not exactly, but so close...  



_(he might not think of me...romantically...but he DOES love me in some way! I...I...)_  



Kirlia suddenly realized Slash was saying something else to her and she'd missed it.  



_Pardon?_  



"I asked if you're okay. You're really flushed and shaking a little. Using all that power yesterday, and then having to fight so hard today...you must be exhausted."  



She nodded faintly, trying to slow her buzzing mind. _Yes, I am rather exhausted, but I'm okay. I'm just happy that we're going to be able to spend so much time together._  



Slash smiled. "I am, too." He reached over to put a last piece of trash into the basket they'd brought for their picnic, then yawned. "You want to take a nap out here? I know we have a place to stay back in town, but it might be more relaxing away from all the people and bustle..."  



_That sounds good..._  



"Great," Slash said, standing up (Kirlia sighed internally at the broken physical contact with her trainer) and led her over to a large tree that would provide cover from the noon sun. Spreading their picnic blanket on the shaded ground, they both lay down, and Slash quickly fell asleep.  



Kirlia stayed awake for a bit longer, though, trying to sort out all of her thoughts.  



Slash had told her that he absolutely trusted her, and meant it.  



He had told her, unintentionally, that he'd rather save her life, even if it meant many others would suffer.  



He declared her to be his Kaishakunin (so casually, too!) after knowing her for less than a month.  



He called her beautiful. On purpose. To her face.  



And, in some fashion, he DID love her.  



She was giddy. She was terrified. She had no clue what she felt, and didn't know if she ever would.  



Realizing this, she decided to make the most of the time she had; curling up next to Slash's sleeping form, wrapping a slim arm around his waist, she fell asleep by his side, a contented smile on her lips.  



---------------------------------------------  



To be continued. ♥
