
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

*   A/N: Because 9 is a weird number, Slash brings you a short chapter so that his weird-number OCD is satisfied. :-P  



-------------------------------------  



**Chapter 10: Under The Summer Sun**  







Glowing red met icy blue as the two opened their eyes together.  



She saw a strange expression on his face and knew she'd been found out, her deepest desires revealed to him somehow. She searched her mind for something to say, something to diffuse his confused surprise, when he stopped her with a kiss.  



Time stopped. The wind was silent. The sun ceased to shine. The feel of warm grass beneath her body faded into nothingness. There was naught but the feel of his lips, shy and tender and gentle, on hers.  



She leaned into it eagerly, eyes closing in contentment; the concept of kissing was uniquely human, but thankfully he was more than willing to share the basic principles of the process over their bond. With a start, she realized that the sensation was being shared over it, as well; she could _feel herself kissing him_ at the same time as she felt him kissing her. An unusual feeling to be sure, but entirely welcome...and entirely pleasurable.  



His hand brushed her face, softly stroking her cheek before slipping into her hair, pulling her closer. Feeling nothing but love and want from him, she wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her body against his; the feel of his strong, toned chest sent a shiver through her, a pool of warmth gathering low in her body.  



They finally broke the kiss, opening their eyes slowly, feeling like they were coming out of a dream. The two stared at each other for a moment, silent and smiling, trying to catch their breath. And still nothing else mattered; there was nothing but the two of them basking in each other's presence, savoring the feel of happiness and attraction being shared through their bond.  



There was something else there too, something she hadn't felt before...something burning hot and freezing cold at the same time, something that tingled and made her breath quicken and her heart race. A quick inspection showed that he was feeling it, too, and she could tell it was something he was afraid to show her, something he feared would make her reject him forever.  



_Silly boy_, she whispered, drawing herself to him in a tight embrace, nuzzling his neck, feeling something in her belly tighten as she took in his masculine, earthy scent. _Show me how you feel...I will never shy away from you._  



He was still afraid, but hearing her voice in his mind, promising acceptance and devotion, made him stronger. He moved his hand from her hair, slowly slipping it down her body, starting to tremble as he reached the small of her back. She didn't flinch at the movement; if anything, she gripped him tighter, her mind whispering words of love and encouragement. He sensed both their hearts jump as his hand slid to the front of her body, resting on her belly, and an insistent hardness below his hips.  



"Are you sure?" he asked in a shaky voice, glad she was small enough that she could not feel his arousal against her body. With a start, he realized that she DID feel it...feeling it through their minds.  



_Mmm-hm_, she whimpered, desperate for physical contact even if she did not understand precisely what that meant. She knew not what she wanted, and he knew not what to do; they were operating on instinct and sensation being shared through their bond.  



So when his hand moved to her thigh, she parted her legs for him. And then, there was nothing but bliss.  



-----------------------------------------  



When the two awoke together under the tall oak tree, the sun was low in the sky. They sat up lazily, brushing dirt off themselves, and looked at each other guiltily.  



"Well," Slash said after clearing his throat, "it's getting pretty late...we should head back and check on Corphish. We could grab something to eat, too..."  



Kirlia made it a point to stare at the ground. _Yes, master_.  



As the blushing pair started back towards town, they each found themselves thinking back on their dream, cursing the fact that it had ended...  



...and cursing the fact that it had not been real.  



Both wondered if the other had felt any of it over their bond, as both assumed they'd been the one to create the dream.  



And in that regard, not even I know who was right.  



-------------------------------------------  



To be continued! ♥