**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

*   A/N: Some more "art" (as I'll so audaciously call it) can be found here:  

http://slashfirestorm.newgrounds.com/news/post/23480  



I originally planned for this chapter to end outside, hence the picture...but, as often happens when I sit down to write, I took a different direction.  



This chapter is a personal record: over 11,500 words. I ask that people do NOT get addicted to these increasingly-large chapters, because it's been purely chance that my muse has done that. For all I know, chapter 14 will be 2500 words or something. :-P  



Also, you know how many hits this story now has? OVER 9000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-O  


Well, enjoy!  



-------------------------------------------------  



**Chapter 13: Together**  







Rain. Thunder. Darkness. Fire.  



The smell of blood, hot and coppery, in the air.  



Dark shapes with razored fangs descending from the lightning-tattered sky, too many to count. Pouring on top of them, ripping and clawing, shredding apart her silver skin, blood everywhere, and her screams echoing through the night---  



_MASTER!_  



-----------------------------  



"Kirlia!"  



Slash bolted upright in an unfamiliar bed, immediately regretting it as pain seemed to wrack his entire body from the quick movement. He put his head in his hands and closed his eyes, breathing hard, sweating hard, trying to shake off the terror of the nightmare.  



_Kirlia? Who exactly is this Kirlia girl, master?_  



He slowly lifted his head towards the voice and felt his heart race in happiness as he saw a bandaged-up Gardevoir laying beside him with a playful smile on her face.  



_Calling me the wrong name...I should be very cross with you,_ she said in mock anger. _Be thankful I am too exhausted to fight right now, or you might be even more injured than you are now!_  



Her smile faded slightly as Slash didn't respond, but only continued to stare at her. _Master, is something wrong?_  



He didn't say a word...instead he simply leaned over to her and threw his arms around her slim frame, clutching her tightly to his chest, plunging his fingers into her hair as he kissed her long and hard. By the time they parted, a pleased...if slightly flustered...Gardevoir fell back on her pillow, trying to catch her breath.  



_May I ask what that was for, master?_  



"I...I thought I'd..." Slash stammered, tears welling up in his eyes. "I thought I'd lost you...it was so dark and there was fire everywhere and they just kept coming...then I saw you covered in blood and I thought...I...."  



She slid over to his side, gently running her fingers over his face and wiping away the traces of tears, _Shhh, it's alright. We're safe now. The Magmas have been utterly wiped out, so you don't have to worry about them anymore._  



"I don't care about the Magmas, I care about you. Are you really okay? How badly are you injured?"  



_About as badly as you are. I'm not sure, other than the fact that we can't be that badly hurt since we're not in the hospital._  



"Do you know where we are?"  



_No. I woke up only a few minutes before you did...I don't know how long we've been here, either, but I think we might be in Watson's house. I sense a lot of his residual presence here, but no one is here right now other than the two of us._  



A terrified thought ran through Slash's head. "The other Pokemon, where are they? Last I saw them, they were outnumbered and circling around us when we passed out...did any of them---"  



Gardevoir silently pointed to the nightstand and the Pokeballs on it, happy to feel a sigh of relief flow over their bond. _We're all safe. The town is torn up...I sense a lot of activity going on out there...but I don't think Mauville suffered too many casualties. The damage is mostly structural._  



"Poor guys, they just managed to fix up the Pokemon Center and now this," Slash laughed humorlessly. "I wish we could help them. I feel so useless laying in bed."  



_You regret my company? I don't blame you...it seems that every time I evolve, you end up getting severely injured. Maybe I should have stayed a Kirlia?_  



Slash turned to her joking face and smiled. "No, it's worth the pain and broken bones and everything, to be by your side. Although I have to admit, I'm glad that was the last time you're going to evolve..." He suddenly realized something: "You're...you didn't used to make jokes and stuff before. You've changed again, haven't you? Not just physically."  



Gardevoir nodded. _Yes. Remember how I told you that Ralts would be my child form? Kirlia would be my adolescent form. I am now an adult...although I'm still mostly the same as I was before, just...more matured._  



"You certainly are...you're so damned beautiful that it makes my heart hurt."  



She blushed prettily (green, he thought to himself, she always blushes green...), looking down at the blankets. It answered one of Slash's questions about her: she was still rather shy around him, even after all they'd been through. _I am glad that my new form is more aesthetically pleasing to you, master._  



"Don't get me wrong, you were beautiful as a Kirlia. Remember that both the dream and our first real kiss happened then...but now, you're...stunning."  



Slash took a moment to really look at her, and even scratched up and wrapped up, she looked like an angel of purest moonlight and silver. She was smaller than a human, both in height and build, but not overly so. Judging from the shapes he could make out under the blankets, she was only a few inches shorter than him; already he was visualizing kissing her while they were standing, she on tiptoe, he leaning down, bringing their lips together as she pressed that slim body against his and---  



_Master, we need to talk. About...us...and what we're going to do._  



He looked at her curiously, noticing for the first time since he'd awakened that their bond was down to a mere trickle of the soul-opening floodlight it'd been in the last moments of the battle, when they could read each other's hearts perfectly. "Gardevoir, our bond---"  



_I've closed it mostly down for now. I want this discussion to be based on logic, not our emotions. If I kept the bond all the way open, all we'd end up doing is telling each other how much we love each other and...making out all day,_ she said, her cheeks coloring again at the last part of that statement. _We should ease into it slowly, anyhow...the full bond is almost overwhelming. Once we're done talking, I'll start opening it back up very slowly, so we can adjust to it. And once it's back up, I won't be able to close it again, so we must be sure we are ready for...that step. I don't want to frighten you with its...completeness._  



"Gardevoir, you know I _want_ to be completely connected to you."  



_I know, and I desire that too...but humans tend to place a great deal of importance on their privacy...especially the privacy in their minds. If you think the bond we had when I was a Kirlia was strong...well, you remember when I evolved, right?_  



"I could...I could almost literally see your soul. It was incredible."  



_Yes, as I could see yours. The bond between a Gardevoir and a trainer is always strong, and the bond the two of us have is particularly powerful due to our...unique relationship. I wish to have our conversation and then ease ourselves into it, so we won't be overwhelmed by it. We didn't just pass out from our injuries, master...it was also shock from the totality of our connection._  



Slash nodded slowly, realizing what she said was correct. What he'd felt from her before they blacked out was...everything. For just a moment, he could see all of her...her thoughts, her pain, her fear, and especially her love for him. It was an overwhelming experience, and he needed to be careful if they were going to eventually have that kind of bond for every moment of every day. "I understand. Let's get this talk over with...even with our bond nearly shut, I can sense that you're still a bit hesitant about sharing your feelings with me, and I can't say I blame you after what happened to us. I want to get this out in the open and decided on, so we can get to loving each other without fear or hesitation."  



He wanted to kiss her then, but now that he was awake and aware that they were in someone else's home, he did not dare to risk it, even if Gardevoir didn't sense anyone present...at least not until he knew she was comfortable with it.  



_Okay, master. First, I just want to tell you that I'm sorry about...what I said before. About me not loving you. Not only was it not true, but the way I said it was so...heartless, especially with you telling me how you felt like that._  



"You don't have to apologize."  



_Yes, I do, but I want you to know why I did that, and why I kept my feelings hidden for so long. I've loved you since...well, since I became Kirlia. Probably even as a Ralts, although the manner of my affections were different then. All that time, I never dreamed you'd feel the same way. I mean...this one time when you were asleep, I was reading through a magazine from your backpack, and it had pictures of...human females in very little clothing. I thought that was what all human males wanted...girls with...you know, certain attributes..._  



Slash actually laughed at that, although not unkindly. He wrapped an arm around her and pulled her close, loving the feel of her smooth skin on his hand. "I am one of the few guys who read Trainer's Guide Magazine for the articles and Pokemon data, and not the photo spreads. I can't honestly say that they didn't...intrigue me...but that's not what every guy finds attractive. Actually, I prefer girls with smaller builds, myself. You shouldn't feel inadequate compared to them, because to me, you're the most beautiful girl in the world."  



Even knowing they were in Watson's house, Gardevoir couldn't help but quickly kiss him on the cheek. It felt like a huge weight had been lifted off of her; she'd sensed that Slash found her physically attractive, and he had called her beautiful even before confessing his love, but it felt comforting to have him outright tell her that he didn't prefer the big-busted girls that graced magazines...and that he considered her to be  



_(did he really say that I'm the most beautiful girl in the world?)_  



beautiful. She knew that she couldn't match the physical attributes that those girls had, but Slash didn't care; he, in fact, seemed to love her more for being such a small creature.  



_Thank you, master...that makes me feel a lot better. I was scared because it wasn't something I could control, so...well, thank you._  



"I have eyes for no one but you, Gardevoir, so you're very welcome."  



She wished that the rest of the discussion would be so uplifting, but she knew that there were more serious issues for her...for both of them...to worry about.  



_Well...another part of the reason why I lied to you about my affections was because of what you told me about the Jirachians, and was made even more clear to me by the attack on you. I knew that even if you shared my feelings for you, that the world would never allow us to be together...at best, people would shun us, and at worst...well, you know what happened._  



Slash's heart ached, not wanting to tell her what he was about to say, but realizing that both of them had to be completely honest with each other from now on if they were to survive and live happily. "It could have been much worse, Gardevoir. They could have done worse to us."  



_I know, and they tried to._  



"You don't understand...there are worse things than being killed."  



_What could be worse than that?_  



"They could have..." Slash's voice cracked as he thought of his worst fear...what people, bad people, could and would do to a sweet, fragile thing like Kirlia...and would do just as readily to Gardevoir if given the chance. They did it to other humans, did they not? "They could have done...sexual things to you."  



She looked at him in confusion. _I don't understand. Why would they try to do something to make me...feel good...if they hate me?_  



Oh, he didn't want to tell her this. She was so innocent, so blissfully and happily unaware of some of the darker qualities that humans could possess. She didn't even understand the concept of being raped, of using sex as a weapon instead of something loving. Inside his head he cursed the world for having invented such a barbarism, and for making him have to tell the girl he loved, the kind and pure-hearted girl he loved, about its existence.  



"Gardevoir...I know that in the dream we had, it was...good. It felt good, both for you to be touched like that and for me to touch you like that. And I promise that as we grow closer, I will always make anything you want to do a loving experience, something you'll enjoy as much as I do. But...not everyone in the world views that kind of activity as a means of just showing love."  



Blushing furiously at the thought of Slash _actually_ doing that to her...and realizing that it was no longer a mere fantasy, but could actually happen...she asked curiously, _what would they use it for, if not love and...you know, pleasure?_  



Even through the limited bond, she could sense Slash's feelings, as they were blazing and boiling over his own shields and the shield that separated their minds from each other, just like when those men had insulted and threatened her. There was fear and anger and disgust in him, as well as shame for his own people.  



"They...use it to hurt. As a means of violence and brutality. When done correctly, sexuality...all different kinds of it...is extremely pleasurable, and brings the participants closer together. But...what they do...it's called rape. Fuck, I feel ashamed that my species is so violent that we have a word for that!"  



_Master, please...you sound like it's important for me to know this. So even if it's going to scare me...I need to understand._  



He wiped away a few anger-induced tears and nodded, still furious that anyone could be capable of such a thing. "It's when they force the action on the victim. They physically restrain them and force them to do sexual things. Instead of being pleasurable, it's horribly painful, both physically and psychologically. Instead of being loving, it destroys the victim's confidence and self-worth and makes the strongest people think that it's their fault. Rape is what some people would do to you if they found out that the two of us are together." Seeing the look of shock on her pretty face, he flushed with shame. "I'm sorry I had to tell you this, and am even more sorry it exists in the world at all. But...you were right, you really should know."  



_But why would they do that to me? They'd be doing the same thing they accuse and hate you for!_  



"Hypocrisy. They'd justify it to themselves as being punishment for a human's whore, and having nothing to do with the fact that they'd enjoy the hell out of it. But those shits would love it. For them, it's about pleasure just as much as it's about violence." He looked at her seriously. "I won't ask you to risk that. I can't."  



_As frightening and...unnatural as that horrid action sounds...I will risk it. I love you, master. I refuse to lose you out of fear._  



"But---"  



_You don't have to ask me to accept the risks; I gladly volunteer. I would die for you, and I would risk suffering through...that....to be by your side._  



Slash couldn't help the hot tears running down his face. "Gardevoir, I know that you are a very strong woman, but such a thing can destroy anyone. It's not as easy to shrug off as broken ribs, and it takes much, much longer to heal...and the scars it leaves behind never heals completely."  



_Master, it's like you told me before...we must protect each other. That includes risking our lives for one another. This is part of that. Maybe it would destroy me, but I believe that you will protect me._  



"But," he whispered in a broken voice she'd never heard from him before, "what if I fail? Even trying as hard as I can to protect you, I could still fail you...not just with this, but with any kind of violence."  



She felt there was something Slash's wasn't telling her, some personal experience that made him so terrified of it happening to her, but she didn't feel it'd be right to push it. Instead she gently pushed him back down on the bed, until his raven's-wing hair was against the pillow. With a wince at the pain, she leaned her head against his chest, wrapping an arm around him. _I know that you'll try your best, and that's all that I need from you. So don't worry, master...I am willing to accept all the risks of being with you. Now you need to tell me if you are, as well. Couldn't you be...raped...too?_  



"It's less likely for a male, but it's still possible. Even the anti-gay Jirachians would be capable of that if they were twisted enough. It's much more possible that I'd be tortured in some other way, but...it could happen. And that's just the worst end of what could happen to us if others found out. Even those who won't run us out of town or throw rocks at us or...assault us...won't be kind. Even the best of them will talk down to us, or ignore us, or exclude us from having happiness around them. But I would also chance it...all of it, everything from small and hurtful to extreme and life-threatening...to be with you. As dangerous as it could be, I don't think it's an option for us to be without each other...we just love each other too damn much. I'd die without you."  



_As would I. I am very happy that we both agree that we must be together, even if the consequences could be disastrous._ She snuggled into Slash's body, grateful for the contact. She idly wondered what it would be like to be snuggling up with him without any clothing separating them, and her heart raced at the thought of how intimate that would be. How could anyone ever take such a lovely thing and turn it into violence?  



_So, what are we going to do? We've both agreed that we need each other, but...we need to keep it...you know, a secret._  



She felt a pang of sadness from Slash and looked up at his face, bruised and scratched from the battle and growing just a little bit of fuzz from not shaving for...however long they'd been out. He looked back and smiled sadly, stroking her back with his hand.  



"I know. What we need to do is...whenever we're out there, among others, no matter how friendly they may seem...we're just a trainer and his Pokemon, a guy and his Kaishakunin. Nothing more." He paused for a moment and kissed her on the forehead. "That makes me think of something. I can't ask you to fight anymore. I know that we both agreed to fight for each other's safety and happiness if need be, but...I can't ask you to risk being hurt over something silly as a badge, or a random battle with a trainer on the road. The others fight for me because they're willing to, but you---"  



_Are just as willing to fight for you,_ she whispered. _Just as much as I am your...girlfriend or whatnot...I am your Pokemon. If we were free to express our love, I would go and run around town and shout out how proud I am of my trainer, how happy I am to be your Pokemon and Kaishakunin. And I will fight for you whenever you need me to, master, whether it is to protect your precious life or to show some arrogant trainer what for. Do not hesitate to ask me to do anything you want._  



Slash turned red at that last comment, and it took a moment for Gardevoir to realize why. But instead of shying away and stammering out an excuse for the wording like she always did, she managed to keep eye contact and smile playfully. _Yes, anything you want, master. I am yours._  



"I...I'm not...you don't have to call me master, Gardevoir. We're equals. We were equal as friends, and now...you know that I belong to you as much as you belong to me, right?"  



_Yes, but it's ingrained into me, thinking of you as my master..._  



"Can you do me a favor? Even if it's only once, can you say my name? I don't think I've ever heard you say it to me before..."  



_I would do anything for you, master. I mean...Sl-Slash,_ she said softly, tasting the name, savoring it. So short and simple, but...it brought up many mental images, and the one that shone out in her mind most was that of a noble warrior, an extremely powerful man whose wrath was held in check by the love of a woman...or a Pokemon. Somehow that image seemed very...familiar to her.  



Slash was smiling radiantly at her, and the thought of having pleased him so easily made her heart soar higher than when she'd beaten Brawly and he'd carried her off to the Pokemon Center in his arms.  



"Feel free to say my name whenever you want, because that was so...I don't know, just...great," he laughed. "You know...we should think of a name for you."  



_Don't I have a name?_  



"Yes, and I'd be happy calling you Gardevoir forever if you wanted...such a beautiful name for a beautiful species. It's just that it's kind of impersonal, you know? Anyone can call you that, and all they're referring to is that you're just another Pokemon, when to me you're...so much more."  



She was silent, trying to think of a response. A name? The thought had never occurred to her. But what he was talking about...it was a lot like her referring to him as "master"...a title that no one but her could ever call him. Something special for just the two of them.  



_I'd be...agreeable...to having a real name, if you'd like. But what should it be? I can't think of anything...in the wild, Pokemon know each other by scent and psychic signature...the idea of an individual name is a human concept. I don't suppose...can you pick a name for me?_  



"Don't you want your name to be something you pick? I mean, it's...you."  



_Well, you are everything to me, master. I'd like you to pick one out for me. It'd be...something special between us, like when I call you my master. Something for when we're away from the public and can spend time alone together. So please?_ She gave him a sweet, pleading look, and he smiled and gently ruffled her hair.  



"Alright, alright. You know I can't argue with those pretty red eyes of yours. Let me think," he muttered to himself, casting his thoughts out. "Nizhoni? That was my grandmother's name. No, it just doesn't...sound like it fits with your appearance. It means "beautiful", but the name itself...nah, just doesn't seem to mesh. Hmmm...Naomi? That would be my cousin's. No, it sounds too...quiet, and while you're pretty shy, you can be pretty intense sometimes...maybe---"  



_Master, someone is coming. I think it's Watson._  



"Then we'll have to think of a name for you later. I promise we'll find a beautiful one," Slash whispered, kissing her again on the forehead. "You should probably get back on your side of the bed before he walks in here."  



_I know, I know..._ She reluctantly pulled back from embracing him and moved to the other end of the large bed, immediately missing Slash's warmth and strength. She couldn't wait to re-establish their bond, and intended to do so as soon as Watson left. They'd gotten the most serious parts of their worries out in the open, and, once they were both used to the strength of the bond, they'd be able to think rationally just as easily as they did without it. Besides...she missed having their minds and hearts linked, and was very curious to see what it'd be like to have their very souls connected.  



--------------------------------------------------  



Watson walked through the door, a steaming cup in each hand.  



"Ah, I'm glad to see the two of you awake! I went to go get something to eat at the ramen shop, and picked up some for you in case you were up. Hungry?"  



Slash and Gardevoir looked at each other and nodded, not having realized how starved they were for anything other than each other. Watson handed them each a cup of ramen, which they eagerly dug into.  



"You've both been out for two days, so it figures that you're hungry. Plus you're both still healing up, so you need the energy."  



When Slash finished showing Gardevoir how to eat with chopsticks and then addressed the old man. "How much longer do you think we need to stay in bed? I'm looking forward to getting back to training, and helping to fix up the town."  



"The two of you may be conscious, but you're nowhere near being healed up. You both were very hurt...Slash, you got three broken ribs and---"  



"Always the damn ribs," Slash muttered. "Ribs broken by electricity, ribs bruised by dipshits, ribs broken again by Golbats and Poochyena. Fucking ribs."  



"...as I was saying, three broken ribs, a broken leg, and countless deep cuts, including a very bad bite on your shoulder that took a lot of stitches to close up. Your Gardevoir didn't have anything broken, but she lost so much blood that we had to give her an infusion just to keep her alive, and she's still very weak from all the bites and slashes she got."  



"Why aren't we in the hospital, though? Surely it'd be better for us to be there instead of burdening you and everything..."  



Watson gave them an odd look that made Gardevoir's senses buzz a bit, but in her weakened state she was unable to read what the problem was. "I may be an electric Pokemon user, but I've been around a long time and studied a lot of Pokemon. I know that it's a mistake to separate a Gardevoir from its trainer, especially in a situation like this. Studies have shown that both parties heal faster when in each other's presence, and I have to say that it appears to be true; both of you have mended much faster than I ever would have expected. If you two were apart, you'd both still be unconscious right now."  



Slash glanced over at Gardevoir, who accidentally had splashed some of the ramen broth on her face. He grabbed a napkin and gently dabbed it off of her cheek, and she gave him a cute smile in thanks.  



"I was right...you two are in love."  



Both of them jerked their gazes back onto Watson and were surprised to see his wan smile. "Yes, I know. You both hid it very well, but...old men know what to look for. That's part of the reason I brought you two here instead of the hospital...when I found you, you were in a...somewhat compromising position."  



"What...what do you mean by that?" Slash asked, trying to send soothing waves to Gardevoir, who was starting to panic. After all their talk about keeping their relationship secret, they'd been found out in less than ten minutes!  



"She was collapsed on top of you, and you had your arms around each other. You know how it would have looked to anyone seeing it."  



_Master, what exactly does Watson intend to do with this knowledge? What if he gets the town against us? Or turns on us himself? We can't defeat him yet, not by a long shot!_  



**It's okay, stay calm. He's never shown any hostility to us, and he could have killed us himself when we were out, or even...you know, let us die, and not had to explain anything to the townspeople. Just wait.**  



"The people who attacked you...they weren't trying to rob you, were they?"  



Neither responded. Watson didn't blame them. "Listen, I understand why you're wary of anyone knowing about it. You're not the first human-Pokemon couple I've seen in my time...and I've seen what happens to them when they're found out. I know you've met a lot of the people around town, and while they are good people...or rather, I'd like to think they are...you know what they'd do if they found out the brave hero from Oldale, the boy who helped save this town from Maxie, was in love with his Pokemon."  



Gardevoir was quietly crying now, and Slash couldn't help but pull her into his embrace. He didn't care if the entire town was standing over them; he would not let her suffer alone.  



"...they'd run us out of town, if we're lucky."  



Watson shook his head slowly. "More likely that you two would "have a relapse and succumb to the stress of your injuries". Or maybe that my house would "spontaneously catch fire", or that "one last Magma would get in and murder the two of you". You understand what I'm saying? An...accident or tragedy...would happen."  



"I understand, old man. So, what are you going to do about it?" While Slash kept one arm around Gardevoir...the other was within reach of the Pokeballs on the nightstand. If he had to...he would.  



"Like I told you, I am an old man. I have seen many things over the years. Many old people are more set in their ways than young people, and, despite the passion of youth, are more virulent in their hate. However, I am not that kind of man. I'd like to think that I've changed for the better over the years. You told me that you met Captain Briney, right? Did you see his tattoo?"  



Gardevoir nodded sadly, not paying much attention, before it suddenly clicked. She raised her gaze and Watson pulled up his own sleeve...and revealed a Camerupt standing atop the world.  



Slash was surprised too, although it wasn't too much of a shock; it would explain why the Magmas had kept attacking Mauville after Maxie died, instead of finding a new leader and rebuilding, as well as Briney and Watson's old rivalry.  



"You were in Team Magma?"  



"Yes, my boy. Me and Briney were both soldiers in the old days of those two groups. We both did some terrible things. The Teams weren't any more tolerant of human-Pokemon love than the common Jirachian. Both me and Briney had seen more than one case of such a relationship being...disciplined...by the other grunts. Suffice it to say that it wasn't always as generous as a beating. And at the time, I was right there watching, cheering and laughing along with the others as those poor people and Pokemon were attacked." Watson sighed heavily. "I enjoyed the suffering of others just because they were different. Just because they loved each other in a way that we didn't find acceptable. If I were still with them...I probably would still be like that. Briney too, although you should still keep it to yourselves, as I can't vouch for certain that he would approve of what you two have."  



"And you do approve?" Slash asked suspiciously.  



Watson nodded, and when Slash didn't move his hand from his Pokeballs, he explained. "I would not approve if you were...forcing her. Or if you were merely using her for casual physical enjoyment...that would be wrong for any Pokemon, and for a trainer-dependant one like her, it'd be a terrible abuse of her trust. But I see it...the love in your eyes when you look at each other. The little motions and touches that are just a bit more than "friendly". No, the people of Mauville won't be hearing about it from me, I promise you that."  



Gardevoir had stopped crying and sat up next to Slash, resting her head on his shoulder, happy to know that they didn't appear to be in any danger...but still wishing the old man would leave so she could get to know her master better.  



"Now, the two of you finish eating. I'm going to be gone for the night...I need to help with the town reconstruction. There's plenty of food in the kitchen; I assume your other Pokemon can get it for you when you get hungry again." A knowing smile formed on his lips. "The two of you can...enjoy each other's company...as much or as little as you want. You can close the curtains and have privacy, and no one is going to come in this house other than me...but if you still wish to be careful, that is alright, too. I just don't want you thinking you can't express your affection because you're in my home."  



"Watson..." Slash whispered, not knowing what to say. He and Gardevoir had expected that their first encounter with someone who knew of their relationship to be violent, not understanding. "We...just don't want anyone to know. If you figured it out so easily, what if other people can?"  



"Like I told you, I'm a very perceptive old man, and you both hid it very well. I wasn't certain about it until today."  



"Well, it's not that we've been hiding it all this time...we didn't really know about it ourselves until recently. It wasn't until we were both nearly dead in that battle that we were able to put aside our fears and admit it to each other." Slash gripped Gardevoir's hand tightly, trying his best to negate the fear she was radiating from the memories of that night. "We haven't really tried to hide it, so...we don't know how well we can."  



Watson nodded in understanding. "It won't be easy. I've been in love before, and I know how it is. You both need to resist showing any...overt affection...in public. You'll have a little bit of leeway, since Gardevoir are known to be very protective and affectionate to their trainers, but...you must be careful when others could see you. She must appear to be nothing more than a Kaishakunin."  



"I understand."  



"But...when you're alone and away from others..." The old man looked away from them for a moment and stared out the window. "Listen, you two. I was married a long time ago. My dear wife died when she was trying to bring our child into the world, and I lost them both. So let me just tell you this: make the most out of your love. Even though you must be cautious, love each other as intensely as you can, every time that you can. Make every moment count. Because...and I'm sure you both understand this...you never know how long you'll have together. Fate is not always kind, and neither is humanity."  



As he turned to leave, he stopped for a moment. "And Slash...I'll tell you about me and Briney later. You might be interested in hearing how the two of us escaped those bastards, and how we took down a good chunk of both groups in the process. It might help you, as Team Aqua will be stronger than ever now, since Team Magma is no longer around to put them in check. For now, you two take it easy and enjoy the time together."  



Watson left the room, and a few seconds later, Slash and Gardevoir were alone.  



----------------------------------  



The first thing Gardevoir did was close the curtains, casting the room into a dim shadow. She felt so...conspiratory...like the two of them were planning to do something illicit. She blushed at the thought of doing something...illicit...but they weren't ready for that. However, if someone happened to see the two of them in bed together, even as injured as they were, it would be attention that they could gladly do without.  



When she turned back to Slash, he had a grim smile on his lips. "So, what do you think? Can we really trust him not to tell anyone?"  



_I'm still drained and weakened from our injuries, but I sense no deception in him. But you can rest assure that I'll tell you if I have any suspicions._  



"I know," he whispered, gently cupping her cheek. "You're so...beautiful. I haven't really had a chance to look at you, appreciate you, since I woke up."  



She flushed at his attentions, but did not break her gaze. _You are free to look at me as much as you want, master. I'm yours, after all._  



"And I'm yours, too," he said with a smile. "I'll be glad to give you the same courtesy. Right now...I want to take in the wonderful view."  



He ran his hand down her face and neck, making her shiver under his touch. He slipped down her shoulder, tracing over the green cloth-like material over her arms. "Is this...can you feel my touch through this?"  



_Yes...it's part of me, in a sense. I can feel you a bit more than you could through clothing, but it's not a critical part of me. I can regenerate it if it's damaged, and even if I take it off and lose it, I can regenerate a whole new set in a few hours---_  



"It can be removed?"  



_Yes. It's more like clothing than a real part of me._  



Slash gave her a mischievous grin. "That's good to know...I'll keep that in mind."  



Before she could respond, he moved in and kissed her gently, intertwining his fingers with hers. She gave out a soft whimper as she let herself be kissed, enjoying this simple contact more than she'd ever have thought possible before that dream. When he pulled back, she smiled sweetly at him and squeezed his hand.  



_It's kind of funny, master. Before I met you, the entire concept of kissing would never have occurred to me, and even if I knew of it, I'd never have considered it to be important. But now...I can't imagine living without it._  



"My people may have little good going for them, but kissing is one of our finer exports." His expression sobered as he thought about that. "I'm sorry that humans make so much evil, too. And I'm really sorry that I had to tell you about...their darkest evils."  



_It is important that we both know the price we may have to pay if we're discovered...although I can't pretend to understand how anyone...anyone...could ever do that to someone._  



"Neither do I. But I can promise you that I will show you nothing but happiness and closeness when we...I mean...you know what I mean." He tried to look away, but Gardevoir gently used her powers to turn his face back to her.  



_I know you will, master. You've always been gentle to me, and I know you will always be so in all matters._  



The two sat in silence in the dim room, enjoying each other's company, before Slash whispered something.  



"Psymakio."  



_Hmm?_  



"I...I was thinking you could be named Psymakio. It makes me...think of you."  



_How so?_  



"Well, I was thinking of some foreign names, because I couldn't think of any common ones that seemed to suit you, and "Miyako" came to me...it means..." he smiled shyly as he continued, "...'beautiful night child'."  



Her breath caught as she heard that. _Master..._  



"But it didn't sound exactly right...the name itself, I mean...so I changed it a bit. Made it sound more...suited to you. But it'll mean the same thing to me. Whenever I look at you...your beautiful silver skin...it makes me think of moonlight and silver taking the form of an angel, so---"  



She threw her arms around him, not caring about the sting of pain that coursed through her as she did so; neither did he care about the sharp ache in his ribs as she pinned him to the mattress. Any shyness or trepidation at initiating a kiss (outside of a near-death situation) faded at the love she was feeling at the moment, and she pressed her lips to his, reveling in the sensation of such a sensitive part of them touching. When he tentatively ran his tongue over her lips, she felt a pang of uncertainty and fear at the unfamiliar action, but Slash gave her a signal of encouragement over their bond, telling her that he would go as slowly...or as quickly...as she wanted him to.  



_It may be better if we open our bond before...continuing,_ she whispered, still pressed against him. _We can guide each other better, know what we're feeling._  



**I understand...plus I want to be able to feel you more closely. Right now it's not even as strong as it was when you were a Kirlia.**  



Gardevoir broke the kiss, running her tongue over her lips. Something deep inside seemed to tighten as she realized she could taste her master...something that wanted them to hurry and open the damned bond so they could continue this, advance it. _I want it, too. Sorry that I jumped on you like that, but...master, I would love that as a name. It's like a gift from you, something I'll have for the rest of my life. Psy-makio?_, she whispered carefully, just as she had tried out her master's name for the first time not long before. This name brought up images of a pale, slim girl standing by that dark-haired warrior's side, protecting him, fighting alongside him...and being his and completing him in every way. Every way. _What would happen if you...accidentally called me that in public?_  



Slash considered it. "Some people give their Pokemon names, but it's rather rare, usually only done if the Pokemon is fairly common or if the trainer has more than one of the species. Gardevoir certainly aren't that common, and you're the only one that I have, so...it might raise a few eyebrows. It probably wouldn't get us in trouble by itself, but along with all the little subconscious little affectionate actions we'll probably show...it'd be best for you to go by Gardevoir out there. I wish you didn't have to, though."  



_Me neither, but we must. However, when we're alone, like this..._ she smiled playfully, clasping his hand, _...say my name, master. I want to hear it coming from your lips._  



"Psymakio, my beautiful silver angel."  



_Slash, my brave, strong hero._  



Again she felt that vague sense of familiarity, and again she embraced it. Maybe they were destined to be together. Maybe it wasn't mere luck that he'd found her when he did and decided to capture her. Maybe it wasn't chance that she won that battle in Dewford and won his heart. Maybe, even, the dream wasn't random.  



"Even with our bonds weakened, I can tell what you're thinking," Slash said. "And I think so, too. Our hearts were drawn together by destiny. And we'll never be separated, never."  



_...shall we open the bond, master? As excited and happy as I feel now, I know that it will be even better once we do so._  



**Oh yes,** Slash whispered, his voice like honey in her mind even with the connection lowered. **Let's join together, bind our hearts together.**  



That desire sounded somewhat...intimate, to the both of them...maybe because both were wondering what it would be like to join their bodies together, as well. Gardevoir quashed the thought for now and focused on the slim thread of a connection between the two of them, slowly, slowly widening it. Within a few seconds it was back to the level of a Kirlia's bond, and both significantly relaxed as the warmth of each other's affection flowed freely.  



_It's nice to be back to this, isn't it?_  



"We were like this when we first kissed...so yes, it's very nice."  



_If we had a stronger bond at the time, I wouldn't have been able to lie to you about it. You would have seen through me like glass. You'll see...but I need to take it slow, or we'll be overwhelmed again._  



When Slash nodded, she focused back on the bond, slowing opening it like a valve, their feelings and emotions flowing like water. It was difficult to control the increase; the stronger it became, the more it pushed on Gardevoir's shields, and she quickly began losing control of the process.  



_It's about to get a lot harder, so hang on, master...I can't stop it now, I can only try to slow it down. Focus on me and the sound of my voice, okay?_  



"Okay..."  



A few scant seconds later, Slash understood why Gardevoir had warned him about this; it felt like all of his mental...privacy...was being stripped away, and all the things he worried about showing to the world were becoming seen to an outside party. It was rather disconcerting, even if the outside party was someone he cared for.  



Gardevoir thought she was prepared for the fullness of the bond, but quickly realized that what the two of them had felt when she first evolved was only the tip of the iceberg, still developing. What they had now was...total. Complete. There were no secrets for either of them.  



She knew, for example, that Slash's panic over the idea of her being raped stemmed from him finding out that his cousin Naomi had been sexually assaulted by her father, his uncle, several years ago. She knew that, while at the Trainer Academy, he'd bullied another young and lonely child, and that the guilt over treating someone the same way he'd been treated still ate him up inside. She even knew that Slash had slept with a stuffed Teddiursa up until he left for his Pokemon journey---no, he still had it, buried at the very bottom of his backpack, under the clothes. She looked over to Slash and saw him reddening at her seeing that.  



_It's adorable, master, don't worry. I---_  



Suddenly she realized the other part of having a complete bond; he could see all of _her_. Slash saw that she was still terrified of Poochyena to this day, and that sometimes she would wake up next to Growlithe and panic, thinking he to be one of them before she realized who he was. He knew that she wanted to make love with him badly, even if she didn't know precisely what that involved...and that she was terribly afraid of not being adequate for him when they did. She had a deep-seated fear of not being good enough for him, and that he would eventually leave her for a human when he realized how inexperienced and....physically different...she was.  



Gardevoir felt humiliated as she realized that he knew this, but was distracted from this when she felt an enormous wave of happiness coming from her master; she looked into his mind and saw that he was looking at a different part of her now...the part of her that loved him.  



"I didn't realize...just how much you...Gardevoir, I knew you cared for me, but...wow," Slash breathed, awed. "I...don't know what to say."  



_You don't have to say anything, master...because I'm a bit surprised at how much I'm feeling from you...I was worried you might not think of me as...attractive...compared to humans, but you really do, in every way. I almost can't believe it._  



The two sat together for several minute, perusing each other's most personal and private thoughts and dreams and doubts and shames. It did not feel unnatural, nor a violation of their individual dignity, which surprised them both; while it had felt odd at first, even frightening, it was quickly becoming...welcome. All the things he'd been afraid to tell her were out in the open now, and all of her fears were, as well. Both felt like huge weights had been lifted from their hearts, and any shame they had left over was negated by the intense affection pouring freely into each other.  



Slash did, indeed, feel overwhelmed by the intensity of the bond, but thankfully was able to maintain consciousness this time. It was astounding to see that what should have felt like an invasion of his thoughts instead felt like a gift from Gardevoir, something he couldn't imagine ever living without.  



"Hey...do Gardevoir and their trainers usually have this strong of a bond? It's...just so much..."  



_No. What we have is more of a combination of multiple bonds, all working at once. There's the Pokemon-trainer bond, and the bond that Gardevoir usually have with their...mates, their life-long bonded partners._ She gave Slash a shy glance. _Do you...are we...what are we, master? Am I your girlfriend? Are we a couple? What does one call a human and a Pokemon together?_  



"There's...not really a term for it, other than disgraceful slang. Nothing flattering, or even neutral and acceptable. I think I'd prefer what you referred to, us being mates. If that's okay with you, I mean."  



When she didn't respond, he instinctively checked over their bond and found a slight shield around her emotions. He was, honestly, slightly relieved to see that they'd be capable of _some_ shielding, as the prospect of spending every moment of every day like this seemed rather...distracting.  



"Are you okay?"  



_You really wouldn't mind being considered my mate?_ she asked in a near-whisper. _You'd prefer my way, the Gardevoir way, of considering our relationship over that of your own kind?_  



Slash responded by pulling her into a hug. "You know that there's very little I admire about my people. If the world considered our love to be natural and something worthy of celebration, I'd love to be known as your boyfriend. But that's not how it is. All my people can offer you, offer us, is disdain and hatred. I'd much rather be joined with you as mates. I mean, we couldn't even get married in my society," he said with a pang of sadness, "but with us as mates...who cares? I don't need their approval, as long as we have each other's."  



She was crying now, but in tears of joy. She dropped the flimsy shield she'd tried to construct and let herself be fully open to him again, immersing herself in her mate's (MY MATE!) physical and mental presence.  



When the first stirring of arousal hit them, Slash realized why Gardevoir had closed the bond up before they'd had their discussion about handling their relationship, and the comment she made about them making out all day if she hadn't. Their bond, fully open and without any shielding, was a positive feedback loop; they weren't sure who had the first feeling of desire (maybe, like the dream, it had been mutual and simultaneous), but once it started it kept going between them, intensifying, with one's feelings making the other respond by growing more hungry for contact.  



_Master, I---_  



"I know, Psymakio," he said, intentionally using her new name to see her reaction (which was a warm and bubbly sensation that made him consider using it whenever possible). "Don't be ashamed of wanting my touch, and don't be afraid that I'll be disappointed or repulsed. You can see that I want you just as much as you want me."  



_We're too injured to...be together like that, though. Even though I really, really want to...we should probably wait. I'd rather our first time be without us both in intense pain..._  



"I agree, but..." Slash whispered in a honey-sweet voice she'd never heard before, "we don't have to just sit in bed and do nothing."  



She searched his thoughts, but found a shield around what he was thinking. However, she could somehow tell, for certain, that the shield wasn't made out of fear or want for privacy, but instead because he didn't want to spoil the surprise.  



_(...wait, what surprise?)_  



_Master---_  



"Call me Slash for this? Please? I'll call you Psymakio..."  



She couldn't suppress the wave of arousal that came from him using the name he gave her. _Slash, then, I don't understand what you mean..._  



"I mean that I want to make our dream come true."  



What he meant didn't quite click for her at first. _Hasn't it already? I mean, being with you, even beaten up like this, has been the happiest time of my life. And kissing you, even restrained as we've been, has been heavenly. So what do you mean?_  



He leaned over to her and whispered in her ear, his hot breath tickling the sensitive skin. "I mean that I want the _other_ part of the dream to come true for you."  



The mental image was burning in her thoughts before she understood, and her visible skin seemed to darken a bit, and not just from shyness at the idea. This was really happening. Even with him accepting her love, even with her knowing that, eventually, something beyond kissing would happen, the physical stuff had always seemed so...far-off, like it would always be a dream. Now that the possibility of such activity was not only plausible, but being _offered_...and her being very willing to accept that offer...it made her entire body react strongly. Her heart was racing, her breathing got harder, and a silvery pool of warmth was quickly building in her belly.  



_I...oh, I want to! I'm not going to pretend that I'm not scared, because I know you can feel that, but...I trust you, mast...Slash._  



He smiled at her; not a lecherous smile, nor even a sexually-hungry one, which would have been understandable...but instead a soft, touched smile that made some of her racing nerves relax.  



"I will be very gentle, Psymakio. I promise that this will make our dream come true. No...it'll make the dream look like what it really is: a pitiful illusion compared to the reality of just how good things can be."  



_You've never done this before, though..._  



"No. And I never will with anyone but you. But don't worry, we'll get through it, especially with us as connected as this. It's okay for us to both be afraid and uncertain, and I don't expect us to always be perfect the first time we do things together. But as long as we communicate and show patience...we'll be able to make ourselves very happy."  



_...what do I do first?_  



He thought carefully, considering the different ways of accessing her, and what would be easiest and most enjoyable for the two of them in their injured state. He'd love for her to be on top of him, her back pressed against his chest, the weight of her small body welcome as she moved against him...but he knew his ribs couldn't take that. However, that did bring up another similar idea for how to go about it.  



Slash motioned for her to snuggle up close, facing away from him. She fit so well against him, spooned into his embrace...it felt like part of him was complete now. Now he understood why he'd always needed a pillow in his arms to get to sleep...because having something close to you was comforting.  



And this warm silver angel in his arms felt a hell of a lot better than a pillow.  



Gardevoir loved being held like this...she remembered a time, so long ago, that she'd fallen asleep next to Slash and awoken in his embrace. It was so protective, so comforting...everything she ever wanted. And now she was in it again, his strong, hard chest against her back, his hands linked at her waist, and she could feel...literally, feel...his desire to slip them lower.  



_(no reason to not want him to)_, she thought to herself, gradually feeling less frightened as her excitement began overpowering her nervousness. It was a bit unusual to her, surrendering her rationality and logic to the growing insistence between her thighs, but Slash's gentle hands on her stomach soothed away the vast majority of her concern.  



Sensing her relaxing a bit, he reached down her body and grasped the hem of her dress, moving it slowly up her legs. She shifted and allowed him to pull it to just above her hips; as much as they'd both love for her to be smooth and naked in his arms, the chances of being spotted, and the potential dangers that could result from it, were just too great to do such a thing in another's home, even if they had Watson's blessing. But, as she shifted back into place against Slash, feeling his clothed hardness pressing against her bottom, his hands a few scant inches above that most intimate part of her, she knew that this level of bareness would be more than adequate, as long as---  



_Master, you can...unclothe your...your...I don't know what to call it,_ she whispered with a blush.  



"Cock, penis, dick, it doesn't matter. I'm not going to laugh, silly."  



_You can unclothe your...penis,_ she said with a blush. _Even if we are not going to make love right now, I still want to feel you on me. Does that make me...is that wrong?_  



Slash smiled and pulled his pants down a bit, and moved back up against her, his hard, hot cock pressed against her soft buttocks. "Like I told you before, there is nothing wrong with you wanting my touch."  



Even with their more intimate contact being hidden under the blankets, this was just so damned arousing...they seemed to fit together so perfectly, with her folded into his strong body, with so much physical contact from head to toe. When he moved his hands to the inside of her thighs, fingertips slipping over the slickness there, she sent him a wordless inquiry, full of confusion.  



"It's because you're very...excited, Psymakio. It's not disgusting, not at all. And when we make love," he whispered huskily, giving a bit of emphasis on the "when", "it will help me slide into you so easily."  



He pulled a hand up from under the covers, his fingers glistening with her wetness, and licked them clean. "Plus you taste so delicious...I can't wait to taste it from the source."  



_(did he just...? And surely he doesn't mean...what I think he means! He's just being kind to me, he must be. But still, him talking so...sensually...even if he's just trying to please me, it's so...erotic...)_  



_Oh, Slash, please...please touch me, I need it so badly---_  



**I am happy to grant your request, Psymakio, my psychic angel.**  



His hand slipped back under the blankets and to her legs, and then slowly slid up the inside of her thigh, until his fingertips brushed the softness between them. He did not immediately go to work stimulating her...not intentionally, anyway, although every move he made was arousing Gardevoir greatly...but instead ran his fingers over her sex, across the soft lips, gently prodding between them and just barely into...her...before moving up her slit to the silky bud atop it all.  



"From what I feel, I doubt we'll have any...compatibility issues, Psymakio," he said softly, tracing the area around her sex, spreading her wetness around. She blushed furiously, more from excitement than fear, and arched back against her trainer, loving the feel of him trying---mostly in vain---to keep from rubbing his erection on her bottom. When he again teased her opening by just barely sinking his finger into her, she couldn't help but let out a light moan of pleasure and desire.  



_Do you really...think you'll be able to, you know, fit inside?_ she asked in a trembling voice. _Even though I can't see it, you feel so...big, and I'm...smaller than a human girl is, in many ways..._  



Slash worked his finger into her, loving the feel of hot, wet walls gripping him so tightly that it nearly hurt. Indeed, her worry seemed to be justified; he could barely get a finger in. But something inside, something primal, told him not to worry, that they'd manage.  



"I promise you that we'll be able to do that, and it'll fill you up so full that you'll never be able to imagine living without it," he breathed into her ear. "And I won't be able to imagine living without being buried inside of you."  



Her only reply, the only reply she was capable of, was a soft whimper that she made both audibly and telepathically, a sound that seemed to light up a coil of lust in Slash's belly.  



"How does it feel?"  



_It feels...wonderful..._, she gasped as the single probing digit swiveled around her insides. _Please, more, master, I want more..._  



Instead of thrusting in and out of her...even as slickly lubricated as she was, she was so tight that he feared causing her any pain...he stroked the walls of her sex, feeling the clenched, hot membrane pulsing around his touch. When he brushed deep inside, at the top of her tunnel, she tightened up and gave another one of those dual-communication gasps, her hips jerking involuntarily, as though she were trying to ride his finger. Slash couldn't help but pull her closer, rubbing his cock on her ass in long strokes as she moved in time with his touch.  



"Did you like that?" he asked, and smiled at her breathless nodding. "Seems we found a sensitive part of you...let's see just how much fun we can have..."  



He stroked the same spot again, and was pleased to see her react the same way, arching her back, pressing her bottom against him, exposing her sweet, vulnerable neck to Slash's lips. He kissed her there greedily, cupping a breast with his free hand and pulling her tight, feeling her nipple harden underneath her small, thin shirt, fondling the small, sweet softness with a hunger he hadn't known himself capable of before now. He was about to release her breast when he realized that she didn't want him to; right now she was crying out in pleasure, mewling for more of anything he had to offer...so he slipped his hand under her shirt, feeling the warm fullness of her small form in his palm, and went to work on her vulva with the other, stimulating her insides with his middle finger and rubbing the silky nub atop her lips with his thumb. As she cried out again and again, her pleadings breaking down into inarticulate shouts of pleasure, she purposely rocked her hips back and forth between his finger and his erection, wanting him to reach climax along with her.  



As Slash was focusing on stroking that sweet spot inside her, he felt an unusual sensation of something immaterial gripping his cock, stroking it hard. He could still feel the softness of Gardevoir's cute butt on him (which he could not wait to see; he intended to take a peak under the blankets as soon as she was finished), but the psychic grip on his sex was just as insistent.  



_I'd...I'd use my h-hand, if I could reach you like this, master,_ she panted, _but for now, this will have to do. I wa-want you to finish along with me, p-please..._  



When he replied by gently thrusting his finger in and out of her tightness, sharing a mental image of him thrusting something quite a bit larger into her, she felt orgasm approaching. It was so intense, so intimate, so...physical...the feel of the stronger body pleasuring her, clutching her close, fondling her chest, rubbing his erection between her cheeks...that feeling in particular was unbelievable arousing, his hardness running over another entrance of hers, sending an odd tingle up her spine to compete with the sparkling ecstasy inside of her...she couldn't hold off much longer. Slash felt her wet vagina clench tightly on his finger, so hard that it almost hurt, and then her bond opening wide, sending some of her own pleasure into his own mind, and---  



Dear. God.  



It was just too much. He'd been nearing his own climax simply by rubbing against her and feeling her telekinetic hands fondling his cock, but now that her silvery shared sensation was added to it, he couldn't hold back. He returned the gesture and shared his own feelings, and within seconds the feedback loop overwhelmed them both. They came together, crying out as softly as they could manage...she coated Slash's hand with silky warm cream, and he released on her lower back, under the pulled-up skirt.  



They stayed pressed together for long moments afterward, Slash still inside her, hand cupping her breast, his softening sex still pressed against her rear. Gardevoir was still incapable of speech, sending gentle pulses of affection and adoration to her breathless master.  



"I...wow," Slash gasped, nuzzling his face against her neck. "That was...incredible. And we weren't even...just...wow..."  



Gardevoir turned around in his arms so that she could face him, feeling his cum drip down her back and not feeling any revulsion whatsoever. _I didn't know we could send pleasure over our bond as easily as emotion and basic sensation...it was as instinctual as me taking in your pain before. But I'm certainly glad we can, because...it was amazing._  



She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, linking her fingers in the sweaty nape of hair on the back of his neck, pressing herself close. She felt another stir of desire as his cock brushed her leg, but forced the wanting down with difficulty. Although she had no regrets about having done this with Slash, she knew that it'd be best not to press their luck while they were in town.  



"You're right, of course," Slash said, finally starting to breathe evenly. "As much as I'd love to, we should wait. But I promise that we won't have to wait for long. As soon as we get some time alone, truly alone---"  



_Master, did you really mean what you said before?_  



"About what?"  



_About...tasting me...from the source..._  



He smiled lovingly and gently extracted his cum-soaked hand from between her thighs, lifting it above the blankets and to his lips. He ran his tongue over his palm, taking her essence into his mouth, while Gardevoir looked on in stunned---and slightly aroused---surprise.  



"Just like before...you taste as good as you look, Psymakio...you smell and taste like...vanilla. I can't wait to lick you up like ice cream."  



He was a bit confused when she burst out laughing at that.  



_I-I'm sorry, master, but...it's just so funny, hearing cute little virgin Slash trying to talk dirty to me,_ she giggled, leaning in and kissing him, tasting herself on his lips. _Not that it doesn't work...oh yes, it works on me just fine...it's just that it's so adorable coming from you._  



Slash gave a sheepish smile and kissed her back. "I know, I'm sorry...I'm going on a few stolen porn tapes and dirty magazines here, so please bear with me."  



_Porn tapes? What is a porn tapes?_  



When she received a mental image of people making love on a television screen, she flushed bright green and looked at him in pretend disappointment and scorn. _You're a pervert, master._  



"Says the girl who was writhing half-naked in my arms a few minutes ago," he replied with a grin. "Speaking of, we should clean up before Watson gets back...even though he already knows about us, and said we could...do anything we wanted...I'd really rather not have him come back to us both smelling like sex, and our cum all over his sheets...oh hell!"  



She extended her senses out, trying to see if someone was around. _What is it? What's wrong?_  



"How are we supposed to clean ourselves up? I can't walk, and you're not much more mobile than me!"  



_Well, you might be in trouble, but not me. I could teleport into the bath, and leave you all alone, looking all ruffled up and sweaty like this. Watson would come back and think you were having some fun by yourself the whole time._  



Slash's jaw dropped in horror at that thought and Gardevoir broke out into giggles. _I'm sorry, master, I'm just kidding. But we do need to do something...I'd teleport you to the bath, but your leg is still broken and I don't want to accidentally have you land on it or anything. Maybe...could Corphish just wash us up really quick? Like, even if it's not perfect, just enough so we don't look so...obviously sexed up?_  



"I guess he could help us wash up a bit," Slash mused. "But...you don't mind if he knows that we're...mates?"  



Gardevoir sighed happily at him referring to them as mates again. It meant more to her than he'd probably ever understand...or it would, if he wasn't sensing her beaming joy over their bond. _They already know we're in love, I think. They saw us kiss and protected us in the battle, so...it's alright._  



"You know that he'll see us in bed together and---"  



_Such a thing isn't nearly as...taboo...with Pokemon, master._  



"Okay...hang on..."  



Slash reluctantly moved out of Gardevoir's embrace and reached over to Corphish's Pokeball. With a flash of light, the little crab was standing on the edge of the bed, looking at his trainer and fellow Pokemon with a very curious eye, before laughing playfully.  



"Okay, okay, Corphish, you know, I get it. Just...we need to try and wash up a bit, so---"  



"Corphish!"  



_No, Corphish, wait!_  



The water Pokemon fired off his Water Gun---at full power---at the couple, thoroughly drenching them...and the entire bed...in an instant.  



Gardevoir looked at Slash.  



Slash looked at Gardevoir.  



Corphish chittered happily, impressed at how strong his Water Gun had become.  



All three of them burst out laughing, and Slash and Gardevoir threw their arms around each other as they sank back into the wet pillows, exhausted, too tired to care about being soaked. Corphish, seeing their fatigue and deciding that a measure of privacy for the two would be best, let himself back into his own Pokeball.  



The two fell asleep in each other's arms.  



-------------------------------------------  



To be continued.  



**NOTE**: The name of Psymakio is actually based on the original incarnation of the Slash Firestorm character; Slash is a demon, and Psymakio is a human girl that becomes his lover. In that story, however, Psymakio betrays Slash, nearly killing him, and becomes seduced by the dark force which Slash opposes. Eventually Slash is forced to kill Psymakio to save someone else he loves, and the act nearly destroys him, even if it is 'justified'.  



This incarnation of Slash and Psymakio, however, will not have such a cruel fate. At least...not the same one.