**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.


*   A/N: I BROKE MY WORD RECORD AGAIN, but only by a couple hundred words. :3  



Anyway, as my Myspace friends know, I occasionally make bulletins about Sinners, including (usually minor) spoilers and random messages from characters that wouldn't really fit into the story itself. If you're interested in seeing such things, but don't have the patience to deal with Myspace (I wouldn't blame you), you're all free to pop me an e-mail at slashfirestorm@inbox.com and get on the "Sinners Mailing List" or whatever it is that I'm running, lol. I can also e-mail peeps when I update the story and such.  



But I digress. This chapter has some angst, but not as bad as some previous moments in this story. There's also affections, confessions, preparations, a date, and even a cute little growling Gardevoir.  



Also, since this is becoming rather common now...for new readers, Gardevoir's psychic talk is in _italics_, and Slash's is **bolded**. Yep.  



Hope you enjoy! :-P  



\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  



**Chapter 14: Fear**  







Heaven.  



Who can say what it is for certain?  



Some place of gold and pearl, a sprawling city in the sky? Paradise? Perfection?  



Who cares?  



As far as Slash was concerned, he was in heaven right now...because heaven was waking up next to a beautiful woman, her slim body warm and welcome in his arms, her peaceful sleeping face breathing softly, almost inaudibly. Heaven was the way she snuggled up against his chest, the way her dreaming thoughts sounded like ocean waves in his mind.  



**(Fuck the gold and keep the pearl. _This_ is paradise. _This_ is perfection.)**  



Even in the still-damp blankets and sheets, he'd never felt so comfortable in his life. Even before he and Gardevoir had confessed their love for each other...even before they both realized they loved each other at all...he had enjoyed sleeping with her by his side. There was just something about not sleeping alone that made him content, even if the act was nothing more than platonic at the time. And now...  



As he cuddled up against her sleeping form, a hand gently cupping her breast, her skirt still pulled up, her bare bottom on his lap...this was what love was. How could people consider this wrong? Most would consider their relationship to be an abomination, a perversion, especially if they knew what they'd done the day before. Yes, there was a sexual element to their love...what love lacked it?...but it was nothing wrong, nothing immoral. This was purity, perfection...  



Heaven.  



She shifted in his arms, turning to face him, her eyes still closed in dreamy sleep. He could not help leaning in and kissing her forehead, stroking her hair. This silver angel was his. She belonged to him and he belonged to her. Even if their love _was_ wrong...even if Jirachi itself came to them and confirmed that they were hell-bound sinners...it would be irrelevant. Nothing was stronger than their love: not society, not the law, not even the gods themselves.  



A pang of sadness flowed through him at the thoughts. Their love would not be easy, even if Kiako and Team Aqua were out of the equation. If their relationship became publicly known, he could guess what would happen. First there would be the scandal: a trainer, well-known around these parts, a hometown hero for Oldale, being _involved_ with his Pokemon? Everyone who knew would shun them, be disgusted by them. The Pokemon League would surely revoke his trainer certification, and he'd have to stay on the run to keep Gardevoir and his other Pokemon from being seized by the state.  



But that would be the least of his problems.  



Next, he'd almost certainly be charged with Pokemon abuse, a crime that would land him a lifetime in prison. He remembered what happened when the famous Kanto-born trainer Ash Ketchum had been convicted of that charge...despite all his popularity in the region, no one had come to his defense when they learned the full extent of his crimes. And Ketchum's abuse charges stemmed from negligence, a relatively light crime. Slash knew that his case would be sexual-based, a crime that carried the same penalty and legal stigma as raping a human. No one would come to defend him. Even Watson would have to keep his distance to maintain order in Mauville and maintain his own certification.  



And if the people found that Gardevoir went willingly to his bed...  



...they'd consider her to be mentally unstable, or "tainted", and have her...put down.  



Gardevoir stirred a bit in his arms, almost as if she sensed her master's distress even in her sleep. Knowing her and her abilities, she probably did.  



Slash wasn't so worried about legal problems, though. If it was merely trouble with the law, he knew they could stay on the run, taking refuge in some of the less savory parts of Hoenn, hide amongst the populace, blend in with other lawbreakers. But with what they'd done, they couldn't rely on hiding amongst the people, because the people would be against them, too. They'd hunt them down, hunt the abominations down, and take justice into their own hands; not for the honor of the state, but for the honor of god and nature. And the religious zeal of the people was to be much more feared than the long arm of the law.  



**(why can't we just live in peace? We're not going to bother anyone. I'd turn in my badges right now if it meant being able to love Gardevoir without fear of being hurt or killed or...worse. Why the fuck couldn't they just leave us alone?)**  



_Because they fear what they don't understand, master._  



Slash pulled out his own thoughts and saw Gardevoir's stunning ruby-red eyes looking back at him with a mix of love and sympathy, both for him and for herself.  



_Good morning, master._  



"Good morning. I'm sorry if I woke you up. I was just thinking about...stuff."  



_It's alright. Do you want to talk about it?_  



He didn't want to...he wanted to drop the issue, both from her and his own mind, and focus on the happy thoughts, on their love. But he knew that he needed to think about this, and also knew that Gardevoir wasn't just someone to kiss and cuddle with and make love to...she was his friend, his confidante...and in the same boat as him.  



"I guess we should. I'd appreciate your view on this."  



She hugged him tightly, trying to soothe the obvious distress coming from him over their bond. _Even if their religion did not command it, they would still shun what we have and despise it. Because it's something they don't understand. You told me that it wasn't just Jirachism that oppose humans and Pokemon being together, didn't you?_  



"Yeah. The different religions don't have much in common, but if there's one thing they can agree on, it's that people fucking their Pokemon are abominations."  



_But it's not even like we're only doing...sexual things. Although even if we were just enjoying each other like that, it would be no one's business but our own. But master, we're in love, not just...doing stuff for the sake of doing stuff. Don't they, at the very least, even know the difference between love and sex?_  



"Most of them don't think there is a difference, not with what we do. They'd accuse us of using "love" as a cover for our own perversion and wanton lust."  



A fierce flash of anger from Gardevoir made Slash startle and pull back from her embrace. "Psymakio?"  



_How...how dare they presume to know how we feel?_, she growled...actually growling, an almost purr-like sound from her throat that, any other time, would have made Slash laugh. _How dare they presume to know what anyone like us feels? We're not the first human-Pokemon couple to be in love. Surely there must be some good examples of...people like us...being more than just sex-obsessed beasts! Surely the people have some example of a loving relationship between a person and their Pokemon?_  



"Those good examples either don't get any attention, or it's distorted into lies. When the media...the network of newspapers and television programs and such that tell the news...covers a human-Pokemon relationship, it's always a case of abuse. I'm sure there are humans who do sexually abuse their Pokemon out of nothing but perversion and lust, just as there are humans who sexually abuse other humans...although I doubt that all the cases covered by those talking heads are truly abuse...but the main problem is that when the public hears about a human and a Pokemon being together, it's always a case of a human raping a Pokemon, or a Pokemon going along with it out of fear or twisted loyalty, or the Pokemon being "tainted". As a result, the people get a biased view, stories that are selectively chosen by the media...and sometimes outright lies....that portray us as...beasts that care about nothing but fucking."  



_I don't understand something, though. The "media"...it doesn't show random, nothing-important stories about human romance, does it?_  



Slash laughed humorlessly. "Oh, they do it all the time. Everything from pointless fluff news stories about couples being together for a long time to movies about the brave hero rescuing his princess...the media, entertainment, everything is extremely human-centric and hetero-centric. You won't see a report or movie about a human and a Pokemon coming together in love after being together and fighting together, or about a gay guy courting another man. And in the unlikely event that such a thing does come out, you know the Jirachians and the rest of them will be protesting it, fighting tooth and nail to shut it down and twist the story of love into something to be hated."  



Gardevoir was quiet for a moment, her anger giving way to sadness. It just wasn't fair; she didn't want anything in the world other than to be with her master, to make him happy and to be loved. But if the wrong person found out about the two of them...all their hopes and dreams of being with each other would be in jeopardy. At the very least, Slash's career as a trainer would be over.  



_Master...are you...you're sure that you want to be my mate, right?_  



He pulled her tight against his body, hands linked at the bare skin of her lower back. "I told you that I was willing to suffer any consequences to be your mate, and that hasn't changed. I'm not thinking about this stuff because I'm reconsidering, but because I want to be prepared if it happens. I don't care if we _do_ lose everything. As long as we have each other, I'll be happy. I just wish we could...I don't know."  



_No, go on, tell me...please._  



Slash gave her an oddly vulnerable smile, as though he were afraid she'd stop loving him for what he was about to say. "I wish we could do the things 'normal' couples get to do. Like holding hands while we walk, or watching the sun set without being hassled, or spend a day at the beach sharing ice cream and making out in the water. I can't give you those things because my people, my society, would judge us to be monsters and hold you just as accountable as me. I'm sorry that I can't give you what you deserve."  



Gardevoir's expression softened as he told her this. Didn't he understand that she didn't need those things, as long as she had him?  



_Silly boy. You know that I don't need anything special to be happy. Just being with you like this has made me happier than I've ever been in my life. And besides, master...when we're back out on the road, traveling across the land...there will be times when we're alone, times when we can hold hands without being seen. We can watch the sunset together, far away from anyone else. We can find a deserted beach somewhere...may not have ice cream, but we can still swim together and..._ she smiled playfully, _...have some fun in the water. Just because we won't be able to do the fun things in public doesn't mean we can't do them at all._  



"I know, but...it's just frustrating, having to hide like we're ashamed of it. I want to give you the world, Psymakio..."  



She kissed him gently, running her fingers through his hair. _I know, master, I know. And you already have._  



The mutual love cycling through their bond was so strong that it nearly made Slash's heart hurt. All she wanted was him, to be close to him and talk with him and lay with him...although in a part of her, deep down, there was still doubt. She was wondering if wanting to bed with her master so badly made the Jirachians right about the two of them. Slash picked up on the thought and couldn't help but try to reassure her.  



"If we were anywhere else...anywhere that I could be sure that Watson or anyone else wouldn't walk through the door...I would make love with you right here and now, as much as you wanted. There is nothing wrong with it. Those pricks out there are wrong about us being sex-crazed beasts, but they're also wrong about sexuality being something to be ashamed of. It brings us closer together, and makes our love stronger, not weaker. I will be yours in any way you want, as often as you want. Don't let fear of what others think interfere in us making each other happy."  



_Master, it's just that sometimes, when I want...that kind of thing...it makes me feel like...a slut,_ she whispered, distress pouring from her.  



"Did us being together yesterday feel wrong to you? Did it feel the least bit unnatural or disgusting to you?"  



_Of course not, it was absolutely divine, but---_  



"Then there's nothing to be ashamed of, and nothing wrong with it. I know that you're shy, and still a bit afraid of some of the uniquely human ways of making love, but it's okay. I'll guide you through anything you want to do, and maybe show you a few things you never thought about before, too."  



She looked at his kind face curiously, a little intrigued. _Like...like what?_  



"Well, for example...like what I told you about yesterday, tasting you straight from the source. Imagine what we did yesterday, except with my tongue doing all the work instead of my hands."  



Gardevoir blushed at the thought, but since this topic was a lot less depressing...and a lot more interesting...than the last, she didn't try to change it. _I still can't believe you'd really do that. I mean, licking up my...my..._  



"Your cum?"  



_Y-yes...that is one thing, but licking me directly...there? Are you serious?_  



Slash couldn't help but grin at her. "You know, this is the second, maybe third time you've asked if I'd really do that. You sound a bit curious. Are you?"  



When she didn't respond, he sent her a mental picture of him between her legs and licking her up, making her jump and let out a small cry of surprise. _Master! Don't tease. We can't do that here, and if you keep sending me pictures of it, we're both going to get very...frustrated._  



"Maybe I want you frustrated. Maybe I want you to be so turned on that you're begging for it."  



Gardevoir had no idea how to react to that, and was pointedly looking down at the blankets, her cheeks bright, poorly-hidden arousal trickling over the bond. Slash never thought she looked so beautiful as she did now; the sight of her all hot and bothered over this kind of talk was absolutely adorable. So much better than her being distressed over the darker problems the two of them had.  



He was about to goad her again, try to see how bright his beautiful Psymakio's face could get, when she asked in a tentative, shy voice, quiet even in his mind, _what else is there? Other than that, I mean?_  



"So many things. I could lay you down and give you a full-body massage...my hands rubbing oil into your skin, slipping over every inch of you...every single inch..."  



He sent another mental image along with the words, knowing that her seeing it would say more than his words every could. She closed her eyes dreamily and seemed to shiver at the sight.  



"I could press you against the wall, lifting one of your legs up and thrusting into you while standing."  



_Master..._  



"Hell, there are enough positions for making love normally that we'd never get through them all in our lifetimes. But making love isn't just confined to me being inside you like that...there are even other ways I could enter you..."  



The mental image that he accompanied with _that_ absolutely shocked Gardevoir's relatively pure mind. Surely this was a joke, him playing on her relative naivety in regards to sexual things, trying to shock or tease her!  



_Master, you can't be serious! People don't really do...that, do they?!_  



In response, Slash sent a memory---not a conjured imagined picture, but a memory---of one of the videos he'd seen as a horny teenager, of two people doing just that. Gardevoir was stunned. In the wild, there was just simple mating, a basic act that, while enjoyable, wasn't anything particularly imaginative.  



_(humans...they might be a bit insane, but they sure have active imaginations in this department!)_  



_Wouldn't that...I mean, that's kind of...wouldn't that be kind of...people LIKE doing that? Wouldn't it hurt, too?_  



"Psymakio, it's just another way of making love. A bit unorthodox, maybe, and a bit more difficult, but if done properly, it can be just as rewarding and painless as normal intercourse...for both parties involved."  



The disbelieving look didn't leave her face, and Slash wasn't surprised. Despite having thought up this kind of stuff, most religious humans were generally resistant towards the idea of "non-traditional" sexual relations like that, and for a Pokemon...well, he hoped he hadn't scared her by bringing that up.  



"Maybe I can show you sometime. Or rather, maybe we can figure it out for ourselves sometime, because I'm really just going on cheap porn and things I overheard at the Academy."  



Her shocked expression eventually faded, and she smiled shyly. _I'm willing to try anything with you, master. I trust that you won't do anything to hurt me._  



"I'll never betray that trust, Gardevoir. And I won't ever try to force you to do something you're not comfortable with, so if we do something that you don't enjoy, let me know, okay? I know you'd probably be willing to go along with something painful to please me, but I'll tell you now that I wouldn't enjoy anything that causes you pain. So anything we try, we'll try with mutual patience and communication, along with the trust. Alright?"  



She nodded, a dozen ideas of what they could do flying through her head. And after their long and depressing discussion earlier, she found herself desperately wanting to make love to her trainer as soon as possible...before anything bad could happen to them, and so she could be fully claimed by the man she loved.  



Although she didn't know it, she wouldn't have long to wait; already Slash had an idea in his head, a little surprise he was cooking up for Gardevoir. He'd have to talk to Watson about the arrangements first, but he doubted there would be any problems as long as he and the old man remained discreet about it.  



_Master, you're shielding something..._  



He gave her a quirky smile, but maintained the shields. "Yes, I am. But I can't tell you what it is, not yet. I don't want to spoil it. But I promise, if I manage to put this thing together, it'll be a very welcome surprise...for the both of us."  



_Are you planning something naughty, master?_  



"...maybe..."  



She smiled at him, pulling herself close until she felt his hardened sex brush directly on her slippery softness. _Good._  



Slash gently but firmly grasped her bottom and rubbed against her in a long, slow stroke, brushing her most sensitive spot with his erection and making her cry out softly, but she stopped him with a sigh.  



_Any other time, master...but Watson is working in this area of town right now, and from what I'm sensing, he's thinking about coming home soon. The only thing worse than us not getting to do this would be getting interrupted halfway through it._  



"Damn, damn, damn. So much for relieving the frustration."  



_Well, maybe I want you frustrated. Maybe I want you to be so turned on that you're begging for it!_  



He sighed as she burst out into giggles. "And here I was, thanking the stars that I didn't get slapped for suggesting anal sex like that. I should have known I wouldn't get away with teasing you. Remind me not to think I can play with you without resistance just because you're still learning about it."  



_Hm, that may indeed be a good idea, master. But alas, Watson really is nearby, so it seems our fun will have to wait._  



"I guess so," Slash said dejectedly...but purposely sounding more dejected than he was really feeling. Part of him was actually _hoping_ that Watson would be back soon, so he could get started with organizing Gardevoir's little surprise. As hard as it was to believe (especially to a certain part of his anatomy), it'd be worth the wait. "We should probably clean up, anyway. Corphish may have doused us, but the sheets are still damp, and Watson will know for certain that we...did something...if we don't run them through the wash."  



_That sounds good. Even if he gave us his consent, I'd rather keep all knowledge of our activities to ourselves, master. Or rather, at least to ourselves and the other Pokemon._  



"How do you think they'll react when they find out that we didn't just kiss because we were about to die, but that we've really become mates?"  



Gardevoir blushed a pretty green and cuddled against Slash's chest, trying to refrain from any...intimate contact...down below the covers. _Well, actually master...we're not technically mates yet. There's a whole...thing, and...it's silly, I wouldn't ask you to go through with it..._  



There was something...different...in her heart when she said that. Something that made Slash worry even though he couldn't place what it exactly was. But she wasn't showing any outside signs of anything wrong, so he ignored it.  



"It's more than just being in love and...well, mating?"  



_For most Pokemon, it is little more than the physical act and marking each other, although most Pokemon have something that makes the action unique. For psychic Pokemon...especially ones like Gardevoir, which have very close connections to their mates...yes, it's more involved. It involves bonding ourselves together on a whole new level, and---_  



"The bond gets **stronger**?", Slash asked incredulously. "How is that possible? We can already see into each other's hearts like glass. We have to struggle to keep ANY secrets from each other, even small ones. How can it possibly be any stronger?"  



Despite having a hard time believing that there was any way for their connection to be strengthened, it did seem somewhat possible...after all, they were still able to keep secrets from each other, and have basic shielding. Not to mention that Slash still could not read the gradually darkening part of Gardevoir's heart, a small, tightly-shielded part that leaked fear and insecurity.  



It was troubling.  



_Well...I don't expect you to go through with it, master, but it would bond our souls together, our spirits. Our strength would be partly linked. You wouldn't have any telekinetic powers, but you'd start exhibiting some basic ability to sense things, to feel things, and not just through me via our bond. You yourself would be able to. I would benefit from having a longer lifespan, one equivalent to your own..._  



That statement sent a jolt through Slash's heart; he never had considered that Gardevoir might not live as long as him. He knew that most Pokemon didn't live as long as humans, but the exact statistics...  



"Psymakio? How long do...Gardevoir live naturally?"  



She was silent for a moment, looking away, radiating sadness. _...twenty years...would be considered a long life for my kind, assuming they died of old age and not a predator or accident or anything._  



"Only twenty?" In all of his romantic daydreams and fantasies about the two of them (most of which were mere fantasies, where the two of them actually managed to remain undiscovered their entire lives), Slash had assumed that she would be by his side all his life! How could he have been so stupid as to not consider this? "I...Gardevoir, I..."  



_It's okay, master. I'm not even a year old yet...evolution and lifespan aren't really correlated with most Pokemon species. I could have remained a Kirlia all my life and still lived just as long. But yes, I'd have nearly two decades with you if we didn't become true mates, so---_  



"And if we do become mates? What then?"  



_I would...well, with you having the naturally longer lifespan, I would be bonding to yours. I would live as long as you would. That doesn't mean our lives would be directly linked, or that either of us would reach that natural age...this bonding doesn't prevent either or both of us from dying from illnesses or accidents or...being killed...but, in a perfect scenario, we would spend our lives together for all of your natural days._  



Slash's heart was overjoyed at that, but part of him was wondering why she seemed so hesitant about doing this if they could live like that. "So what are you afraid of? You know I'd do anything, absolutely anything, to be tied together like that. Is there some negative consequence as well?"  



_It's not that, master...it's just that...I..._  



When tears started running down her face, he was alarmed; dipping into their bond, as naturally as if he'd done it a thousand times, he searched her heart and, this time, he was able to read the problem almost immediately. Despite all her love for him, all the discussing they'd had about the nature of their affections and what they'd be willing to risk and suffer through for each other...there was still a shadowed part of her, deep down, that feared he didn't really love her, or that his love for her would be a passing thing and he'd eventually fall for another human. She turned away from him in shame as he saw that dark part of her, a thousand apologies wanting to spring from her lips, but he didn't need to hear a one.  



"Psymakio...it's nothing to be sorry for. It's natural to have doubts and fears...especially about love, and especially about a love like ours. You don't need to apologize for being afraid...but you also need to understand that I will never, ever leave you."  



_B-but when you...when you sent me the memories of...the porn tapes and all...I could tell that you were intrigued by the images. You found them exciting..._  



"I wasn't showing you to make you feel unworthy or anything. I was showing you _what_ they were doing, so you could see what I'd be willing to do with you."  



_But when you watched them, you were doing it because you were aroused. You found the human girls to be exciting. It's not that I don't trust you, master...but...what if you find a human female and are attracted to her? I'm just a Pokemon---_  



He stopped her with a gentle kiss on the lips; realizing that she was insecure and upset over the idea of him being more attracted to humans than her, he decided to switch to mental communication...something she'd given him, something that they shared with, and only with, each other.  



**There's nothing "just" about being a Pokemon. You're my best friend, a sentient being capable of intelligence and kindness and love. And yes, I was sexually attracted to humans before I became a trainer, but Psymakio, ever since we've fallen for each other I haven't had a thought for anyone else other than you.**  



_But before you met me, did you ever think of any Pokemon as...attractive?_  



**No, but that doesn't mean I'm attracted to you any less. In fact, I kind of think it means I love you more...I mean, after all, I wasn't attracted to female Pokemon as a whole, but to you, and only to you. You're the special one I fell in love with. You know that we can't hide anything important from each other anymore even if we wanted to, now that we're bonded like this. So why do you feel any insecurity?**  



He opened himself up fully, removing all of the low-level shields he'd built in his mind, even those around his planned surprise for her. She looked into his heart, but purposely avoided looking at what he was planning; the fact that she did that, despite her fear and confusion, touched Slash deeply...it meant that she wasn't as worried as she was letting herself sound, not deep down.  



And it pleased him to know he'd still get to give her such a delightful surprise gift after all the doubts and worries of the past few days.  



**See? I love you, Psymakio. There is no part of me that doesn't.**  



_Are you m-mad at me? After all the love you've shown me, I still had doubts..._  



"You can feel that I'm not, but if you need to hear the words...no, I'm not. It's okay to be worried about things like this, to have doubts. Your life wasn't easy before we met...you lost everyone you loved, and you were just a child. That was terrible for you to experience, and it's perfectly natural to worry that I might also get hurt, or that I might leave you, too. But I swear to you..." he switched from audible speech to telepathic as he kissed her lips, **I never will.**  



She did not break the kiss; she needed to be held and loved right now. _I'm so sorry, master. It was never a lack of trust in you...it was just---_  



**Fear. I know. We're all a little afraid, human and Pokemon alike. But we can't let it rule us...when you're ruled by your fear, well...like you told me earlier, fear is why the people will hate what we are. Fear is why the Magmas and Aquas hurt innocent people. And fear is natural. But...we have something special, a bond that lets us feel each other. It's hard for both of us, but we have to have faith in each other, faith that what we're feeling from each other is real.** Slash broke the kiss with a laugh. "It's kind of ironic...faith is what the Jirachians claim to have, but they're really ruled by fear. And fear is what we should be feeling, but we need to rely on faith."  



Psymakio smiled, the last of her tears rolling down her face. Slash leaned in and kissed them all away. How could she have ever been so afraid to doubt this man? Her psychic sense was innate, but her emotions could still cloud it, make her unable to see clearly, that was how. But if she could just wash away the fear...  



"Gardevoir...Psymakio...I..." Slash dropped his voice into a whisper. "If you want, we can make love right here and now. I know it would make you feel better, absolutely sure of what I'm saying. I can get Graveler to block the door, so we won't be interrupted."  



Suddenly all the tension in the bond was gone, and Slash was a bit confused as his angel burst out laughing, although the sound of it made his own heart feel a lot lighter. She sent him the mental image that had given her the giggles: Watson outside the house's front door, a bag of groceries in his arms, begging a stern-looking Graveler to let him in while the sounds of their lovemaking issued from the windows. Slash couldn't help but laugh with her, loving the feeling of happiness replacing fear in her heart.  



_Th-thank you, master, but we might not want that to happen. I feel better now, anyway. Besides, I'd rather our first time not be in a damp bed in an old man's house._  



Slash smiled and nodded, glad to have the happier Gardevoir back with him. "Speaking of, we should straighten this place up before he gets back...I'd rather avoid him giving us that I-know-about-you-two grin again, especially considering what we did."  



_That might be best._  

------------------------------------------  



Despite their best efforts, when Watson returned an hour or so later, they were not spared.  



The old man came in to find Slash and Gardevoir sitting up in bed...a dry, clean bed...talking, with the rest of the Pokemon sitting around the room chattering amongst themselves. He did not miss the slightly reddened eyes of Gardevoir, but was pleased to see her looking perfectly happy now. It seemed that the alone-time he'd given them was a good idea; they had a lot to discuss and a lot of personal issues they needed to work out before going out into the world as secret lovers.  



"So, you two have fun?"  



Slash and Gardevoir gave each other a guilty look, trying to hide their smiles. "We discussed a lot of our problems, if that's what you mean..."  



"That's not what I meant, but I'm glad to hear that. It seems you two used the time together very well."  



When the two blushed, he pointed to Electrike, who had a piece of fabric softener static-stuck to his back. "Nice try, you two. This old-timer is too observant for you, heheh."  



Slash started to bumble an apology, knowing they were busted, but Watson shushed him with a wave of his hand. "I told you that you were free to show your affection in my home. There's no need to apologize. I've been young and in love before, you know."  



_I really hope that most people aren't as observant as him, master._  



**Me too, although at least it's better than being attacked...**  



"So I assume your other Pokemon know?"  



Graveler, Growlithe, Corphish, and Electrike all gave happy sounds of affirmation, and Slash nodded with a smile. "Yeah, they're happy for us. It's not as...opposed...by Pokemon as it is by humans. They don't mind us being mates at all...in fact, they're glad about it. Apparently Growlithe already guessed, and the rest of them...well, they thought of me as the 'alpha male' of our little pack, and Gardevoir as my mate, even before the two of us showed any love for each other."  



A wave of giddiness flew from Gardevoir when he referred to her as his mate again; while the Pokemon were doing the laundry (for all the good it did), the two of them had talked more about becoming true mates, and Slash showed absolutely no hesitation in wanting to go through with the process. When she'd shyly asked when they were going to do it, Slash had simply smiled and responded with "soon".  



"Being mates is like being married for Pokemon, isn't it, boy?"  



"From what Gardevoir told me, it's even more than that. It's not just a promise of love between us, but an actual joining of our spirits. We'll share each other's strength and she'll live as long as my natural lifespan once the process is completed."  



Watson smiled. "I'm happy for the two of you. It's not right that you could never get married, but it's probably for the best. Nowadays marriage is nothing more than a contract with the state...and half the contracts end in divorce. What you two have is something special...cherish it."  



"I will. And speaking of cherishing each other...I have a few...uh...questions I need to ask," Slash said with a red face. "About certain...things..."  



"Oh...oh! I understand, my boy. Come with me into the other room. You don't mind if I steal your mate away from you for a few minutes, do you Gardevoir?"  



She shook her head, surprised to find herself pleased at having someone other than the her and her master considering them to be mates. It made their relationship seem...more valid.  



_(i wouldn't care if nobody considered our relationship valid, but still...it's nice to have someone approve. I doubt anyone else will.)_  



--------------------------------------  



Slash limped into the next room with Watson, surprised at how quickly his leg was healing. In fact, it seemed that the bone breaks in his leg and ribs were already repaired, and that the only problem remaining was sore muscle.  



"You're looking a lot better, Slash."  



"I'm feeling a lot better. Just how much faster does healing occur when a trainer is with their Gardevoir?"  



Watson smiled slyly. "Normally just a little bit. But if you two were...doing anything...I'd guess that it would have sped things up significantly. You two _did_ do something, didn't you?"  



Slash turned beet-red and looked away. "I...uh...maybe. We haven't...you know, not yet, but...we enjoyed each other's company."  



"That's what I figured. That's what you wanted to ask me about, right? Did everything go well? Any...compatibility problems?"  



"Well, we didn't do anything that would have any, uh, compatibility problems. But it went fine. She certainly seemed to enjoy it, which is good...she deserves some pleasure in her life. But that's not what I wanted to ask you about..."  



"What did you want, then?"  



He smiled at the old man, and whispered to Gardevoir over their bond.  



**I'm going to shield now, Psymakio. I'm going to be discussing and arranging something for you, and I want to keep it a surprise, okay?**  



_Okay, master. Hurry back, though...I'm all lonely and cold in bed..._  



With a grin, Slash sent an acknowledgement back (along with a very brief image of what he'd like to do with her in bed) and shielded, turning his attention back to Watson.  



"I need your help to arrange something for me and Gardevoir. She's had a very rough time the past few days...me being attacked, the assault from the Magmas, us two having to deal with some depressing issues and all...I want to give her the happiest night of her life."  



He told Watson what he wanted to do, and the old man burst out laughing and nodded. "Oh yes, boy, I can arrange that. The town's reconstruction is going along nicely, and that part of town was undamaged in the attack. How does tomorrow night sound?"  



"Sounds great. At the rate me and Psymakio are healing, we should be fine by then."  



"Psymakio?"  



Slash flushed and nodded, cursing himself for letting the name slip, even in front of a trusted ally. He needed to be more careful once they were out in public. "That's...the name I gave her. She wanted me to pick one out...something only I can call her..."  



Watson's eyes softened. "You love her an awful lot, don't you, boy. You two remind me of when I was young and just met my wife. I hope you two have a better fate than we did."  



"If...you don't mind me asking...what was she like?"  



"She was something else, I'll tell you that. Beautiful and strong and kind. We didn't have much time together...we were only married a couple years before she died...but I cherish the memory still. It was after she died that I joined Team Magma...and it was because of her that I left. When Briney started having doubts about the teams, he asked me what my wife would think of me, looking down from heaven and seeing what I was doing. It made me feel ashamed..."  



"You said earlier that you'd tell me about you and Briney and the teams."  



"And I will. But Gardevoir and your friends should hear it too, so let's go back into the room."  



Right before they opened the door, Watson stopped and turned to Slash. "By the way...the first time you're with her, be sure to get her going before taking her, so she'll be sufficiently---"  



"I didn't actually want to ask about that!!!"  



---------------------------------------  



Slash limped back into the room and rolled into bed beside Gardevoir, who immediately snuggled up close to him, sighing happily as she felt his warm body embrace her. She tried not to think about how little they'd be able to do this once they left the safety of Watson's home.  



_Everything okay, master?_  



**Yeah, I just wanted to ask him about something.**  



_What?_  



**You'll find out pretty soon, beautiful.**  



Watson pulled up a chair and sat facing towards the bed. "Well now, I suppose it's time to tell you all about me and Captain Briney's history with Team Magma and Team Aqua."  



"Anything you could tell us would be helpful. I have a feeling we're going to be crossing paths with Aqua again."  



"Well, it was a long time ago...forty years or more, I'd say. After my wife died, I went through a rather rough time in my life. I didn't know what to do without her...and I did not care about anything other than my own pain. I was about ready to commit suicide, when a group of Magmas came to town looking for recruits. Back then it wasn't widely known that they committed heinous acts...to the world, they were little more than an environmental group looking out for Pokemon by expanding habitat. I figured that I needed to do something in my life...something to make my wife proud of me...and so I joined up."  



He sighed and looked at the couple in his bed. "You two are young, but you're going to be dealing with some very serious problems, so I feel it's important to try to explain this to you. I know that the world wants you to believe that there are only good guys and bad guys, black and white, justice and evil, and that all who join the ranks of organizations like them are fundamentally evil people. But it's not that simple. The Magmas truly considered themselves to be good men...and the original Team Magma was a rather benevolent organization, one that did a lot of important work in the early days of Pokemon trainers. They helped to put caps on the numbers of rare Pokemon being captured, stopped canals from being built when they would cut through important habitat. But over time, faced with growing human population and expansion, they decided that working within the system was not good enough.  



"The law is not perfect, and there are times when it should be broken to serve a greater good...but not if it hurts innocent people. And that is where Team Aqua and Magma made their mistake. They took a worthy cause---preserving Pokemon and their habitat---and became devoted to it to the point where they'd do anything, hurt anyone, to achieve their goals. They believed that the end justified the means, even if the means involved innocent people being killed.  



"Once you begin on such a path, it does not take long for your other morals to falter. Once you trade in your restraint and compassion for power and control...other morals fall soon after. What I'm getting at is...why does Team Aqua, and why did Team Magma, do evil? It's easy to believe that they're cackling comic-book villains, doing it for fun, but to understand an enemy, you must understand _why_ they do what they do. It is better to win over an enemy than to resort to violence. Your enemy is not Archie, the leader of Team Aqua, so much as it is fear and radicalism."  



Slash and Gardevoir gave each other a look, whispering a single word together.  



_"Fear."_  



"Yes. The root of all evil in the world may be the desire for power, but the root of the desire for power is fear. For the Magmas and Aquas, their fear of not being able to do enough for their causes led to a desire for power, to ensure that they could meet their objectives. And over the years, this desire for absolute power corrupted them absolutely. And as they fell into darkness, so did their rationality. Instead of hoping for a world where humans and Pokemon could live together in harmony, they want a world where there are no humans at all...except, of course, for them."  



Slash's eyebrows rose at that. "You can't be serious. You don't really mean that they're after global extinction of humanity, do you? I mean, as violent as they can be, they're just a relatively small group of crazies."  



"Which brings me to the story I wish to tell you. When I joined with Team Magma, they had already been driven to darkness by their fear. While their stated goal to us grunts was to control the world and maintain safety for Pokemon, as I moved up the ranks I found out that what they truly wanted was annihilation of the human race. The logic was that no one would be left to destroy the environment...but what they really wanted was absolute power for themselves. And it wasn't just an impossible dream for either of them. You know the legend of Groudon and Kyogre, right?"  



"Sure. Groudon was the creator of the land, and Kyogre was the creator of the sea. They fought for eons, carving out the world as we know it, before they were forced into sleep by the Pokemon of the Sky."  



"Well, Team Magma thought that, if they looked hard enough, did enough researching, that they could find Groudon, the Lord of the Earth, and bring him under their control. We quickly learned that Team Aqua was after the same thing. The problem was that neither group had any idea where to look...we knew that to find and awaken the Pokemon, we needed a special orb...but the whereabouts of the orbs were unknown. For many years, the two teams scoured Hoenn, searching almost aimlessly. During those years I met Briney, who was a member of Team Aqua. We fought countless times, developing the kind of relationship that only rivals can share. He was seduced into Aqua for the same reason I went into Magma...a desire to do something important with his life, to impress those he cared for.  



"And, like me, he had been dragged into the darkness over time...we both did terrible things during those days. Neither of us had any doubts...not at first. But one day, both Team Aqua and Team Magma found out about a very large corporation that was severely polluting and tainting the one place you can find Aquas and Magmas rallying at the same time...the shoreline. The company was shipping oil and toxic waste back and forth across the area, dumping their garbage onto the beaches. The then-leaders of the two groups came together and made a temporary truce, that we would work together and annihilate the processing plant responsible for this mess."  



"Oh fuck...that sounds familiar. This wasn't the Burning of the Beach incident, was it? So many people---"  



Watson nodded, his fists clenched so tightly that the knuckles turned white. "Yes. The place was under very heavy guard, but we discovered that we could destroy the entire complex if we planted explosives in one of the oil pipelines running into it. We also found out that the oil pipes ran under a small beachside town nearby, and that if we set the bombs off, the entire city---a city of over a thousand people---would go up, as well.  



"The leaders decided to do it anyway.  



"Me and Briney were the ones to plant the explosives."  



Gardevoir gasped as she felt the waves of anger and self-hate coming from the old man. She clutched for Slash's hand, and he squeezed back tightly.  



"We didn't actually pull the trigger, but we might as well have. We knew what would happen, and set the explosives anyway. You know what happened next...at least, you know the textbook version. Over eight hundred people died in the blasts...over three hundred of them were children. Now let me tell you what the textbooks don't. The sight of an entire region in flames, the ground shattered in great burning lines of destruction. The entire sky was cloaked with smoke, the blackest smoke imaginable, blocking out the sun...fitting, that the light should leave such a scene. Twisted metal, crumbling concrete, scorching heat. And the victims...  



"I remember seeing something come out of one of the blasted-open holes in the street...it was scorched raw, one of its arms caked in some black-and-red goo...its face was a cracked mess of bleary membrane with the bone showing through, the skin almost melted. It crawled its way towards me, its shattered knees falling apart, crumbling, as they dragged across the rough asphalt, breathing in harsh, fiercely-labored gasps. At first I thought it was some foul specie of Pokemon, some fire-cooked monstrosity from the center of the earth, looking for vengeance on those who awoke it from slumber. It wasn't until it was only a few feet away from me and cried out for its mother that I realized what it was."  



Tears shone in his eyes, tears for something forty years prior but still as fresh as the day before in his memory. Slash and Gardevoir sat there silently, unable to think of anything to say. Both wanted to be angry, to hate this man for the part he played in such a thing...but after having their lives saved by Watson not once, but twice...having him take them into his home, and accepting their relationship without any hatred or hostility...and hearing the old man's voice crack as he told of the horrors he saw that day...it was hard to have any hate for him.  



"Once the operation was completed, Briney came up to me. He wanted to talk about leaving Team Aqua. And after he asked me what I thought my wife would think of me for being a part of that massacre...I sure as hell was ready to leave Team Magma. We didn't want to just leave, though...we wanted to cause a devastating blow to both groups, something that would keep them out of action for a long time. So, as we both returned to our jobs as enemies, we covertly kept in contact.  



"A few months later, Briney contacted me and told me that a research vessel of Aquas had discovered something important out at sea. While it wasn't the orb that they'd need to locate and awaken Kyogre, it was still something of importance, something that got a lot of grunts and higher-ups at the same place. I informed my own higher-ups, and we set off on a mission to sabotage the Aqua vessel. Little did they know that they had their own saboteur among them.  



"We arrived at the vessel. It turns out the Aquas had pulled a large stone tablet from the ocean, something very ancient...and a strange small blue sphere. It wasn't the orb, but---"  



Slash nearly jumped out of bed. "Small? How small? Like about the size of a tennis ball?"  



"Yes, if my memory serves me correctly..."  



The trainer looked at Gardevoir, who was nodding. "The Sea Pearl...I wonder if that tablet...keep going, Watson. This might be very important after all."  



"Alright. The ball...this pearl you speak of, mayhap...was apparently related to the tablet, although I didn't get a chance to read it myself. All I know is that the Aquas seemed very excited to find these things, and that they believed it might give them a way to gain what they desired: the destruction of humanity, absolute power, absolute control. When the Magmas and Aquas began to fight, me and Briney made our move. We focused everything we had on the ship itself, until it began collapsing and exploding all around us. The tablet shattered into several pieces, one of which fell overboard. The pearl was also thrown back into the sea. As things started getting bad, the two of us managed to get one of the pieces of the artifact and escape on one of the lifeboats. Only a few of Aquas and Magmas managed to escape before the ship went down."  



"Wait...you and Briney had one of the pieces? The artifact that we saw in Slateport was broken on the bottom! It probably was the same one from back then, the part that fell into the sea!" Slash locked eyes with the old man. "Where is the piece you two had?"  



"After we escaped, we both agreed that we'd split up and go about our lives. The groups would be too busy shoring up their numbers and strength to go after us, and couldn't risk confronting a public that was still enraged over...the incident at the beach. Briney decided to hold on to the relic, in case either team ever came back for it."  



"Do you remember what it said?"  



"No, but I remember a little of what the first part of the tablet said, before it broke in the battle. Something like 'if you seek truth, then bring the pearls to me'."  



Gardevoir gripped Slash's arm tightly. _It is the same one. If we knew what another piece said, it could help us in trying to stop Kiako. We know so little of his goals right now._  



"Watson, do you know if Briney still has the piece he kept?"  



"I assume so, but it's been a long, long time. He won't tell you anything about it, though...not without knowing that I willingly told you about it. Are you going to go see him?"  



"We have to. The man we're pursuing...he's after the pearls. We don't know why, and we need to if we're going to stop him."  



"Then...when you see Briney, tell him about the little boy who came out of the street. The one with the...with the blue eyes..."  



Watson's voice broke and he looked down at the floor. "I won't blame any of you for despising me after I told you about that. I would certainly deserve the hatred."  



Slash and Gardevoir talked for a moment over their bond, and then the trainer spoke. "It was a long time ago. I---"  



"It doesn't matter how long ago it was. I played an active part in it. It was my justification for turning on Team Magma and Aqua, and it's perfectly good justification for you to despise them...and me."  



"You've changed since then, Watson. They're still the same. Probably even willing to do worse, if the opportunity arose. You've dedicated your life to helping this town. You nearly single-handedly wiped out Team Magma. And you saved Gardevoir's life. You made things right. Neither of us can hate you now, and such hatred would serve no purpose."  



"Slash, Gardevoir, you two don't understand. I killed children! Innocent people! After losing my wife and my unborn son, I killed children! Nothing I can do will ever atone for that...and nothing will ever make my wife forgive me for that."  



Slash was quiet for a moment. "How many children have you saved by protecting this town over the years? How many more will benefit from your leadership, your training, your actions? Nothing can erase the fact that you did what you did...played a part in something terrible...but you've spent the rest of your life making up for it. The two of us think you have atoned for it...and I'm sure your wife and son have forgiven you, too." Gardevoir and the other Pokemon nodded in agreement.  



Watson sat silently for several minutes. "I...thank you both. Thank you all. You're the first people I've ever told about my part in that. If the people in town knew...I'd be about as hated as you two lovers would be. Maybe that's why I don't have a problem with your relationship. We all have our secrets...some terrible to ourselves, some terrible to others. I've had to live with it for decades...and you will have to live with yours for decades more. I deserve to suffer for what I did...I really deserve to suffer much more...but you two...your crime is love, whereas mine was hatred. It's not right, but it's how it is."  



He stood up slowly, his bones creaking as he did so. "I hope you two have a life with less pain than I had. You both know that I'll offer you any help I can, whenever you need it."  



The old man walked out of the room, leaving Slash, Gardevoir, and the other Pokemon alone.  



-----------------------  



"It's not fair, you know. What he said was right, but it's not fair. He has to live with his shameful secret until the day he dies...and so do we."  



Gardevoir nodded sadly. _Despite what he did back then, I still trust him. He's a good person. He deserves forgiveness. And we don't deserve to be hated at all._  



"You know, we've sat here in bed and talked about what we need to expect. We've worried over everything from insecurity to short life spans to being lynched in the streets. We've nearly driven ourselves to depression thinking about how hard it will be to keep our love a secret...but we haven't even tried yet. I think we should give it a test run."  



_What do you mean?_  



Slash looked over at the clock. "It's late afternoon, almost early evening. Let's take a walk and get something to eat. See what it'll be like, having to travel together and not give away our being in love. It'd probably be good for us to get some fresh air and exercise, too."  



Growlithe barked something, and Slash turned to Gardevoir for translation.  



_He thinks that he and the others should be in their Pokeballs for this, so it's just you and me. He believes it'd be best for us to get the "we're just a trainer and his Kaishakunin" test out of the way now._  



"Are you guys sure? You haven't eaten in a while...I know you don't need to eat as much when you're inside your Pokeballs, but still---"  



"They can stay here and I'll feed them," Watson said as he came back into the room. "I was just about to ask if you'd all like some dinner, but you guys have a good idea. You two go out...there's plenty of restaurants close by, so you won't have to walk too far. I'll rustle something up for your buddies here."  



Slash and Gardevoir gave each other a look and nodded. "Thanks. Any suggestions?"  



"On the restaurant, or how you should act?"  



"Both."  



"Well, don't go anywhere too fancy. It would look kind of odd, for a trainer and his female Kaishakunin to be catching a dinner at a five-star restaurant. Slash, try not to rely on talking to her telepathically too much; it would let you be able to converse about romantic things without anyone overhearing, yes, but it'll look odd to others if you two are just sitting there and not visibly saying anything. Be sure to speak audibly, as well."  



Slash paled a bit. "I never would have thought of that. We probably would have gone ahead and talked like that the whole time and gotten unneeded attention. We've got a lot to learn about being covert."  



"You'll adapt over time. Just play it casual, look natural, and you should be fine. Now get out of here, you kids...you've got a date to get to," Watson said with a genuinely happy smile.  



--------------------------------------  



As the two walked down the street, both going rather slowly...Slash with a light limp...they realized that the town still considered them to be heroes.  



Or rather, in typical expected fashion, considered Slash to be a hero, and his Pokemon to just be a tool.  



"Great job helping to hold the line against Magma, Slash!"  



"Yeah, you've helped save our hides more than once! How you holding up?"  



Slash smiled politely at the attention, although he'd really rather do without it. "I'm fine. Healing up nicely. I'm about to grab a bite to eat."  



"Alright, keep up the good work! Maybe you can go take care of Team Aqua next!"  



The trainer sighed in mild exasperation as the townspeople walked off. "Hopefully we won't get bugged at the restaurant. I don't want to have to hide everything AND be considered a celebrity around here."  



_Master, do you...what Watson said...is this really a date?_  



Slash gave her a broad smile and sent a wave of affection through their bond. "I suppose it is. Dinner, just the two of us...followed by going home and climbing in bed together and..."  



_Master, shh!_  



**You're right, I should tell you all the things I want to do to your delicious body telepathically, before we reach the restaurant. Hm...we could do what we did yesterday for an appetizer and then I'd lick you up for the main course...**  



Gardevoir brightly flushed, but surprised herself with her own boldness as she asked _what about dessert, master? We cannot forget about that._  



**You're right. Maybe you laying back on the bed, wearing nothing but whipped cream and a few strategically placed cherries. Now that sounds yummy...**  



_Pervert,_ she whispered in a playful voice, her bond making it more than clear that such an idea appealed to her. _Should we go there? It doesn't look too fancy..._  



Slash nodded, and besides, his leg was starting to hurt pretty badly. "Yeah, this place looks good. Nice, casual burger joint."  



The two walked into the restaurant, a simple place that smelled much better than it looked. They sat down in a corner booth, giving themselves as much privacy as possible, and sat on opposite sides of the table. Thankfully, no one else went up to talk to Slash and ask about his "heroics".  



_It's kind of nice, being here without the others,_ Gardevoir said as she looked around the new and strange place. _Not that I don't enjoy their company, but...you know...it's fun being with you alone._  



"Yep. Beside, how would Graveler fit at the table?"  



Gardevoir giggled a bit as Slash sent her a mental image of the large rock Pokemon crushing the table and sitting on the floor of the booth, looking up at the other patrons with a "what are you looking at?" expression on his face. She moved to take Slash's hand, but quickly remembered where she was and stopped herself.  



_Sorry...I almost forgot._  



**It's alright...and I promise that I'll make it up to you soon.**  



_How? Master, what is this surprise of yours that you've been planning? You needed Watson's help for it, right? What are you up to?_  



Slash smiled and restrained his own urge to clasp the pretty girl's hand. "I don't want to give away anything, but...we've been through a lot lately. A lot of stress, a lot of fighting...we haven't really gotten a chance to have any downtime that doesn't involve us laying in bed with broken bones. So I'm setting up some time for us to relax, just the two of us."  



She felt a pulse of love from him, as well as a desire to please her that made her heart light up. _Master, that's so sweet of you...when will this happen?_  



**Tomorrow night, if all the arrangements go well. It'll give us a time to enjoy each other's company without fear of anyone barging in...and we can go ahead and officially become mates...in every way possible.**  



Gardevoir smiled contently. _I promise that the process won't be too difficult. And the...mechanics...should be enjoyable. I'm so happy that you want to do this, master...it means more than I can say. I'd be happy just being your girlfriend or whatever, but for you to become my mate...thank you so much._  



"You know I'd do anything to make you happy," he replied, then effortlessly switched to mental communication. **I'm not just doing this to please you, though, or just because I want our life spans linked. I really want to do it, because...well, we can't get married, Psymakio, and I want something powerful and real to connect us to each other.**  



She knew she couldn't kiss him, not here, but she had her tricks. Slash jumped a bit as he felt, but didn't see, lips gently brushing his own. Gardevoir looked across the table with a faint blush and a shy smile.  



"You're something else, Gardevoir. I'm a lucky man...trainer."  



The two stopped their flirting long enough to order when the waitress came around. Slash decided to get a burger...it'd been a while since he'd gotten the chance to have real meat...and Gardevoir asked for the same.  



"I didn't know Gardevoir ate meat. I'm not exactly an expert on the species, just on you," Slash said.  



_In the wild, my kind eat both plants and meat. Mostly whatever's available. When I was...you know, running...I survived on nothing more than Wurmple for several months. The first time I had to kill one, I felt so...terrible. I kept wondering if I was any better than the Pokemon that killed my mother and siblings. But eventually hunger won out, and I did it. It took me a while with you to be able to think back and realize that there's a circle of life out there, and that we all are a part of it. I don't hate the Pokemon that killed my family...or at least, I try not to. They needed to eat, and had children to feed, as well._  



"That's more mature than I think I could ever be, especially if something like that happened to me."  



_I know it must seem barbaric, sentient beings killing and eating other sentient beings...but it's nature for us. We were doing it long before humans came around and the concept of training and the like was developed. Sometimes it still makes me feel a bit guilty, though. I'm glad that the Pokemon you humans use for meat aren't killed just to be eaten._  



"Yeah, we wait until they die of old age, then harvest the meat. They live a long and happy life working alongside people before that happens."  



_Master, maybe this isn't exactly...dinner conversation. I think we'd make a few stomachs turn if anyone overheard us._  



Slash laughed. "You're right. So, let's talk about something else."  



_Master, what are we going to do about Kiako?_  



"Well, we haven't seen him in a while, although I'm sure he'll be showing his face again eventually. He's still missing at least one of the Pearls, after all. What we need to do is go see Briney, and find out if he's still got the piece of the artifact...it could really help us know what we're up against."  



_That sounds like a good idea. When will we go back to Slateport?_  



"Let's wait a few days. I want to be at 100% before we travel long distances again, and besides...we have a little surprise to enjoy first."  



She smiled prettily, trying to guess what her master was planning. Somewhere alone, somewhere they could...make love...without any risk of interruption. It sounded so...exciting.  



_Yes, and I'm looking forward to it, master. What about Team Aqua, though?_  



Slash sobered a bit, thinking of the story Watson had told them. He knew about the Burning at the Beach...it was a part of basic Hoenn history...but it had never registered as more than dates and numbers to him until the old man had described it.  



"As much as I'd like to wipe them out, we're not strong enough...not yet. And we shouldn't go looking for any more trouble than we need to. If we encounter them while we travel and hunt Kiako, then we'll take care of them. But for now...we play our cards close."  



_I understand._  



Their food arrived, and the two dug in. Gardevoir wasn't used to eating human food yet, and as she took a bite some ketchup fell down onto her chest.  



**Oh, I want to lick it off so bad, damn damn damn, fuck you restaurant, fuck you society!**  



She burst out laughing at Slash's purposely silly antics, wiping the mess off and telekinetically throwing a fry at him. He caught it and popped it in his mouth, smiling all the while.  



_Anywhere but in public, master, and I'd be glad to let you._  



**Remind me to bring some whipped cream to our little surprise.**  



Once, while they ate, a girl of about Slash's age went up to their table and introduced herself. Gardevoir started growling as she moved to shake his hand, and Slash couldn't help but laugh at the absolutely adorable sound; it was far more cute than threatening, at least to him. The girl had jerked her hand back and was backing off a bit when she heard it.  



"Sorry, she's just a bit protective of me and wary of strangers, after all that's happened with Team Magma recently. It's alright, Gardevoir, don't worry."  



_I'm sorry, master, I didn't mean to---_  



**It's okay...although that sound you made is so fucking cute!**  



_I...thank you, master. Now get rid of her._  



Slash chuckled to himself. Gardevoir was generally shy, afraid of a lot of social contact...but she was very protective and jealous when it came to him. He knew that, as a trainer, he was expected to train that over-protectiveness out of her...but as a lover, he found it touching and had no plans to correct her, as long as she didn't Psywave every female that came near him.  



"Can I join you for dinner?" The girl asked, still keeping an eye on the no longer growling, but still glaring Gardevoir. "I...my boyfriend and I recently broke up, so I'm looking for someone to spend some time with..."  



"Thank you, but I've already got a special someone in my life back home. I'm flattered, though."  



The girl nodded disappointedly, but walked away without any argument. Gardevoir's wariness dissipated more with every step she took in the opposite direction.  



"I didn't even have to lie to her, Psymakio. I have a special someone in my life...you. And home is wherever you are, so..."  



The pretty Pokemon couldn't help but color at that. _Thank you, master. I've always thought the same about you...you're home for me, now._  



"We humans have an expression, 'home is where the heart is'. I think that might explain it for us, huh?"  



_That sounds about right...Slash._  



Her trainer sent a wave of affection, and the two went back to eating. They discussed quite a bit during the rest of their date...everything from Kiako to their future Gym battle with Watson to various human and Pokemon customs. And, of course, they often slipped into direct mental communication, to share their more-than-friendly words and feelings of love.  



It was a very good first date for the both of them.  



----------------------------  



Slash paid the cashier and the couple walked out of the restaurant into the cool night air. Summer was nearing its end, and the evenings were finally going from sweltering to pleasant.  



As they walked out the door and into the night, they found themselves face-to-face with Archie, a vicious-looking Mightyena, and half a dozen plainclothes Aquas, each with a hand on a belt full of Pokeballs.  



Gardevoir froze at the sight of the powerful dark Pokemon, terrified memories flowing through her mind. She clutched her trainer's arm as Slash glared at the man commanding it.  



"I've been looking for you, boy. We need to talk."  



-------------------------------------------------  



To be continued.