
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.

*   A/N: As we all know, **Sinners** recently broke 10000 hits and is still going strong. I'd like to thank all my readers and reviewers for their support, their kind words, their advice, and their death threats that kept me writing. :3  



This chapter was supposed to be mostly plot, but it ended up being half-and-half plot AND fluff. Team Aqua's here, and Slash and Psymakio go see the single greatest movie of all time, heh.  



Well, second greatest movie of all time. Alas, not many girls want to go see Rocky IV on a date. :-(  



For all of you perverts, the next chapter will be LEMONY DELICIOUS. :3  



Hope you enjoy!  



(Word count: ~8500)  


---



**Chapter 15: Running With The Devil**  







"I've been looking for you, boy. We need to talk."  



Cold.  



They had them absolutely cold.  



Slash dropped a hand to his belt of Pokeballs anyway, hoping that the Aquas didn't know he was empty. Although he was, damn it...and if Archie was on the same level as Maxie, he doubted his full team could defeat him anyway.  



And as for Gardevoir...  



**Listen, Psymakio, just stay calm. Don�t make any move to flee or fight unless I give the word, okay?**  



No response. He turned to her and realized she was utterly frozen with fear, clinging tightly to his arm and instinctively shielding her mind as hard as she could. All he could read from her was intense, mind-locking terror.  



**(it's more than just the situation...it's the Mightyena. After what happened to her family, I can't blame her.)**  



He sent a gentle wave of calming emotion to her, which, at first, she rejected, the attempt reflecting off her shields like moonlight on a mirror. But as he kept broadcasting to her, she gradually let it in, dispersing a small degree of her panic.  



_Master, I...I can't..._  



**I need you, Gardevoir. We're not going to be able to fight our way out of this, so I need your abilities. I'll defend you if necessary, but we both know what will happen to us if it comes down to that eventuality.**  



Hearing the need for her protection coming directly from her trainer, her master...her lover...she felt the innate part of her heart dedicated to his safety begin to stir, warming up and dispelling the majority of her remaining fear like fog vanishing under a rising sun. She extended her senses out, surveying the area and the minds within her range.  



_There aren't many civilians around, and none currently within hearing range. Other than Archie and the Aquas with him, I can sense several other agents scattered throughout town. I don't sense any overt hostility from these men, but...if they believe you are a threat, or if you anger them, they will fight you. And they will win._  



Slash sent back an acknowledgement, and then turned to lock eyes with Archie. "What do you want?"  



The brutish-looking man smiled, raising up his hands to show he wasn't armed...as though the razor-fanged beast by his side wasn't there. "I'm not here to fight you, Slash Firestorm. I'm only here to talk."  



"Then why is there an Aqua presence throughout town? If you're planning something...well, you've probably heard about happened to Team Magma here."  



Archie laughed, motioning for his men to stay where they were and then moving a bit closer. Gardevoir fought an urge to back up, and managed to succeed, although she did not release her grip on Slash's arm.  



"You've got guts, kid, you know that? I expected you to be pretty ballsy, having managed to escape Slateport with your life _and_ come out of a battle with Team Magma not once, but twice. But I should warn you, if you try anything...aggressive...well, you won't get away with it. The Aqua presence is spread throughout town so that we can cover your Pokemon's teleport range. You would not escape alive."  



"Team Magma shared your confidence, you know."  



"Kid, you probably don't know much about the Magma-Aqua rivalry, so let me clue you in. The Magmas weren't going to last much longer anyway. They were outnumbered and outgunned, spread thin and low on resources. Even without you and this town's Gym Leader, they wouldn't have made it to the next year. So don't think we're anywhere near as weak and easy to stop as they were."  



_Master, he doesn't seem to have any specific anger towards Watson, and no thoughts about Briney. I believe that the knowledge of who betrayed the teams all those years ago has been lost to the Aquas, so you may wish to keep that information to yourself._  



**I understand.**  



Slash kept his eyes on Archie, hoping that, if the large man did intend to attack, Gardevoir would be able to sense it beforehand. "If it's not to attack me or the town...well, you wouldn't have come all this way just to brag about your own strength and dance on the Magma's grave. So why exactly are you here?"  



"Like I said, boy...just to talk. I was originally going to send some of my men to bring you in, but after hearing about Magma being obliterated in Mauville, you went up on my priority list...hence the personal visit."  



"All I did was help in that battle. Watson and the townspeople did most of the work."  



"You took out a substantial amount of high-level Pokemon. And before that, you were able to hold your own with Maxie. Don't sell your abilities short."  



Slash grimaced at that last statement...the sound of Archie complimenting his capabilities made him feel a bit sick inside. He felt a wash of relief as Gardevoir was able to let go of his arm, assuming a more confident and protective stance by his side; it felt very wise to show confidence right now, especially considering that she would be absolutely incapable of fighting Archie's Mightyena...or any Dark-type Pokemon...with her current all-Psychic arsenal. It was bluff or die.  



"Is there a point to this?"  



"Yes. We have much to discuss. Let's find somewhere private to talk. Come with me." When Slash didn't budge, the large man's voice went low. "If you refuse...well, Mauville doesn't look like it's ready for another hit, if you understand what I'm saying."  



The trainer let out a low growl of frustration, then quieted. "I understand. Come on, Gardevoir."  



Following behind Archie and his Pokemon, and being likewise followed by the other Aquas, Slash and Gardevoir found themselves being led down the darkening streets and towards one of the more heavily damaged parts of town. The buildings here were all charred and ruined, some collapsed entirely and nearly all with broken windows. The repair efforts for this part of town seemed minimal, if not non-existent...it was likely that the people of Mauville weren't going to bother attempting to fix this scorched black scar in their bustling city.  



There were no longer any townspeople on the streets, not in this district...and as they headed deeper into the dark, foul-smelling streets, with Aquas stationed on several rooftops and within several alleys, the idea that this was all one big ambush was starting to seem more and more likely.  



_Master, don't worry. I still don't sense any outright malice towards you from any of them. And think about it...we haven't done anything against Team Aqua, not yet. And with our anti-Magma efforts so far..._  



Slash resisted, with difficulty, the urge to clasp her hand as they walked. **I know. They might want to recruit us, or at the very least ask about why we fought the Magmas. But still...keep your guard up. If absolutely necessary, we can try to teleport away, although I doubt we'll get far.**  



_Yes, master._  



Archie led them to a large, burnt-out warehouse near the edge of town. While the outside of the structure was just as bleak and barren and lonely as the rest of this place, the massive space inside was flanked by another dozen or so plainclothes Aquas. The boss turned to one of the guards just inside the gaping main door.  



"Any sign of trouble?"  



"No sir, it's been all clear since we set up."  



"You and him, you two keep watch outside while me and my guest have our...discussion. Look casual."  



The guards nodded and moved out, and Archie led Slash and Gardevoir into the sterile darkness, the only light being the dim, heatless, otherworldly glow from a few of the Aqua grunts' Staryu. As the large, fire-blackened door slid shut behind them, Slash felt his worries increase again...any passing townspeople, as unlikely as that would be, wouldn't notice anything suspicious unless they peered directly into the smoke-stained windows...assuming the Aquas outside let them get anywhere close to the building. The memory of the grunts at Slateport having ripped off the receptionist's arm was still vivid in his mind.  



Archie motioned for the two to sit down. "Now, we have much to talk about."  



Slash sat on the cold concrete floor, Gardevoir sitting close---but not suspiciously close---by his side. "I have nothing against just talking."  



"Let's start with Slateport. Two of my men were sent there to obtain some documents from the late Captain Stern. Their corpses were found scorched and mangled after the attack, and Stern's body was little more than ash."  



"You think I'm responsible for that?"  



"Of course not. While you are fairly skilled...and fairly gutsy...I doubt you'd have had the capability or will to do such a thing. However, I think that you can help me find out some information on who really attacked my men and the Captain, and...well, he is the same one who nearly killed you, is he not?"  



Slash considered. The Aquas were after Kiako...that possibility hadn't really occurred to him. It made sense, considering that the red-eyed bastard had killed two grunts and destroyed the plans that Archie was after. Maybe he could turn this to his advantage, as long as he didn't let slip any information that the Aquas should not have.  



"Yes, he was. What do you want to know about him?"  



"Anything you can tell me would be helpful."  



"He told me his name is Kiako Sensiari, who also apparently goes by the alias of 'The Man With Demon Eyes'. I'm not sure who he works for, if anyone, and I don't know where he comes from...but I do know that he's very powerful, and has the will to use that power whenever necessary."  



"Take this down," Archie barked at a grunt, who quickly pulled out a notepad and began jotting down, and then turned his attention back to Slash. "Our reports showed that he had an Aggron and a Magmortar with him...two very advanced and powerful Pokemon, indeed. Did he use any other Pokemon?"  



"No, but it's possible he had more. I don't know how powerful you are, Archie, but I can say that Kiako would likely have been able to destroy Maxie effortlessly...and the Aggron and Magmortar were more than enough for his objectives in Slateport."  



"And just what were his objectives, boy?"  



Trying to cover his telepathic communication with the appearance of thinking back and trying to remember the event, Slash quickly conferred with Gardevoir. **We can't let anything slip about the Pearls to them. For all we know, they don't even know about them, and I'll be damned if we're the ones to tell them.**  



_That would be wise, master._  



"I'm not entirely sure. He wasn't after the same thing as your men were, though...he destroyed the papers with no hesitation. I'm more inclined to guess that he wanted Stern dead for some reason, and that your men were...well, in his way."  



Archie nodded, but the disgruntled expression on his face didn't fade. "I don't care if he wasn't specifically targeting my men...the point is that he killed them. And he will pay for that. Do you have any idea where he is now?"  



"No. But me and my team are going to be tracking him...and stopping him. He attacked me and my Pokemon, killed people in cold blood, and has likely done much worse that I don't know about." Slash's eyes glared. "When I find him...I will destroy him. Utterly."  



Gardevoir felt a chill run down her spine at that remark; she didn't sense any deception in her master when he said that. She didn't think that Kiako deserved any mercy, and that Slash killing the man would indeed be justified, but...it was a little frightening, knowing that he was willing to kill. The feeling reminded her of the boiling rage within his heart when he confronted their attackers outside Mauville.  



It reminded her, just a tiny bit, of Kiako himself.  



Apparently Archie could sense the truth in Slash's words, as well. He gave the boy a slight smile. "Then it seems both of us are after the same thing. Maybe we could help each other out in regards to this...mutual enemy."  



"...I'm listening."  



"You have an enormous amount of potential, kid. To have gone through what you have and still be alive to talk about it shows great strength, guts, and adaptability. That's exactly what we're looking for in Team Aqua. If you were to join us---"  



"I don't intend to spend my life following orders. I have my own objectives, and they don't include marching in line and getting a bad tattoo."  



"You wouldn't have to," Archie said quickly. "That may be the role of a typical Aqua, yes, but we have...other roles available. You could be a Rogue Aqua...one that is undercover, virtually independent of the main base. You would travel as you see fit, as long as you share our common goal of taking down this Kiako. The only time you'd have to come back to the Aqua base is in the event of an emergency or major operation requiring your talents. And," he said with a grin, "no tattoo. It would blow your cover."  



"Those aren't reasons why I should become an Aqua, only reasons why it wouldn't suck so much."  



Even though no one else could hear them, Gardevoir kept her mental voice to a whisper. _Master, you're not seriously even considering joining them, are you?_  



**Of course not. But at this point, it's best to play along and keep our cards close. I'll see if I can buy us some time to talk about this once his...sales pitch is done.**  



Archie reached into his coat, and for a second Slash honestly expected him to pull out a brochure for the group. He pulled out a cigarette instead, much to the trainer's relief; he don't think he could have kept from laughing...or throwing up...if the Aquas resorted to something pedestrian as brochures for recruitment purposes.  



"Well, other than having some help in hunting down that murderous bastard and not having to worry about us pulling a Magma and attacking the town...you'd have the resources and intelligence-gathering capabilities of Team Aqua at your disposal. You could even call in for backup if the situation required. It's really a rather equitable arrangement. As a Rogue Aqua, you would mostly be on your own, as well."  



Slash made a show of considering the offer. "I think I need a minute to think about this, if you don't mind. And I need to gauge my Pokemon's opinion on the idea, to see if I'd need to...rearrange my team layout."  



"Very well."  



Slash and a rather angry Gardevoir stood up and walked into one of the nearly pitch-black corners of the room, but still within hearing range of several of the Aqua guards.  



"Well?"  



_Well what? I thought you said that you were just playing along, but master, you're acting far too...agreeable...to this! Almost actually considering their offer! How can be so calm and calculating towards these men, especially after what Watson told us earlier?_  



"Because it sounds like it could be a good deal for us. We don't know where Kiako is. We don't know what he's after. We _do_ know, however, that he is far beyond our current abilities. The Aquas could give us intelligence and resources that would go a long way towards stopping him."  



_I...master, I don't believe you! You're willing to trade your morals for...for help finding Kiako?!_ She clenched her fists in frustration, utterly shocked at Slash seeming to truly be considering this. _I love you, but...I can't go along with this! I won't!_  



**Psymakio, you know that I'm not going to swear allegiance to that windbag,** he sent telepathically, making it look as though he were listening to Gardevoir, not speaking to her. **But keep looking ticked off. Keep looking uncertain.**  



She suddenly realized what he was doing; in her confusion and anger, she'd neglected the feelings coming over their bond, feelings that would have revealed his true emotions and intent long before. _Oh...you are playing along. You're using your audible voice to lead them one way, and...I'm sorry, master, I didn't understand._  



**It's alright.** Then, in an audible voice, "We need all the help we can get. We couldn't even fight Maxie to a draw, and even with the strength we've gained since then, we're not even a match for someone of Maxie's caliber, let alone Kiako's. I think joining the Aquas is something we should seriously consider, especially as a nearly independent agent."  



_The guards in range are listening, master, and they like what they're hearing. So, are you going to tell them that you're joining? What exactly are we going to do?_  



Slash sent a wave of love over their bond, trying to distract Gardevoir from the darker thoughts and emotions that filled him when he thought of Kiako. **We're going to join them. We're going to play along for as long as it serves us. We're going to use their intelligence and resources against them. And, when the time comes, whether it be before we stop Kiako or after...when the time is right, we will destroy Team Aqua completely.**  



_What would be an example of the right time, master?_  



**If we're presented with a situation where we're expected to cause harm to innocent people, or if we're found out, or if an extreme vulnerability opens up inside the organization. Watson might be able to help us when we make our move, if things fall into place correctly. In any case, if all goes well, we'll take out Kiako and Team Aqua.**  



Gardevoir sighed, resisting an ever-present urge to embrace Slash that emerged whenever she felt stressed. _That does sound logical, although things never seem to have gone well for us...and they probably will get worse in the future._  



"Maybe so, but I have a feeling that this is the best course for us," Slash finished out loud. He was eager to get back to Watson and inform him about what had transpired here; the old man knew the Teams far better than he, even if most of his information was decades old and mostly about Magma. "Let's go back and tell Archie."  



As the two walked back to Archie, Slash sent one last telepathic message. **I know you still have doubts and concerns, Psymakio. When we get back to Watson, we'll be able to talk about this more, okay?**  



_Okay, master._  



**That's my girl. I love you.**  



Even in this dark, forbidding, dangerous setting, Gardevoir couldn't help but flush lightly at that, her heart warming up considerably. _I love you too, Slash._  



They sat back down, and Slash turned to the patiently waiting man, who was idly stroking his Mightyena's coarse black fur.  



"Well?"  



"We've agreed that working with you is in our best interests. We need all the help we can get in finding Kiako...and as long as we have a high degree of freedom...well, it sounds reasonable. So yes...count me in."  



Archie's eyes lit up. "Excellent. You're as bright as you are spunky, kid. Welcome aboard. I see a promising future for you in Team Aqua."  



Slash smiled back warmly, his heart ice-cold. "I'm sure that I'll be standing by your side 'til the very end."  



-------------------------------  



Outside, Archie handed the trainer a discreet-looking Aqua badge and transmitter, as well as giving him the communication codes for the base. "We'll contact you if we have any information about Kiako, or if we need you for anything. You do the same. Other than that...go about your business. Just keep what happened here to yourself, understand?"  



"I understand...sir," Slash replied, trying not to voice his disgust at having to refer to this man as such, even if it ultimately served his needs. "Me and my Pokemon need a few more days to fully recover from the Magma assault, and then we'll be moving on. We'll see you around."  



Archie nodded and barked an order to his men. Within moments they had all melted into the night, leaving Slash and Gardevoir alone in the smoke-choked haze.  



"Well, I'm glad that's over."  



_Me too. That Mightyena...I...it wasn't easy being confronted with one, even after all this time._  



Slash finally felt comfortable enough to grasp her small hand, giving her a small degree of physical comfort. "I know that must have been difficult for you. I'm sorry that you had to be in such a situation."  



_It's not your fault. It's just that...I can't fight Mightyena, or any Dark-type Pokemon, because all my offensive abilities are Psychic-based. I am not able to protect myself...or protect you...in such a situation. It brought back many memories of being helpless and...afraid._  



"Just remember that from now on...even in the desperate and hopeless situations...you're never alone."  



Gardevoir quickly extended her senses to check for anyone nearby, and when she sensed no one, she embraced her master and kissed him on the cheek. _Thank you...that means more to me than I can say._  



Slash hesitantly and unhappily pulled himself from her arms. "We shouldn't be looking so intimate out in the open, not even in a deserted part of the city like this. Let's head back to Watson's house...we need to tell him about the developments with the Aquas, and besides, we'll have more privacy there."  



_That sounds like a good idea,_ she said, missing his touch but understanding that they needed to be more careful. Slash had probably used a little too much verbal communication of affection at dinner, she realized, and she had probably shown too much possessiveness as well. They had a lot to work on if they were to operate as clandestine lovers and a trainer-Kaishakunin pair.  



As the two headed back into the brighter, more alive part of Mauville, Gardevoir sent Slash the feeling of her slim arm around his waist, wishing she could be pulled tightly against him as they walked, warming each other in the cool night air.  



_Master?_  



**Yes?**  



_Even with what happened with the Aquas...even with us having to hide everything from people...I enjoyed our date._  



Slash could not send the same telekinetic sensation to Gardevoir, but he could, and did, give her a mental image of a long, passionate kiss.  



-------------------------------  



The two got back to Watson's house a few minutes later, just as the old man was starting to get worried about the pair being gone for so long. As soon as the door closed behind them, Slash and Gardevoir had clasped each other's hands, enjoying the feeling of physical contact once again.  



"Welcome back. How did things go?"  



"Pretty well," Slash replied. "Dinner went okay...we might need to be a little more careful next time, because I said a few...romantic-sounding things out loud, and Psymakio growled, literally, at a girl who tried to hit on me, but---"  



Watson laughed, making Gardevoir's face brighten a bit. "That's not that unusual. Her species is known for being very protective of their trainers. Maybe she should growl at a male next time, just to be consistent."  



Slash smiled and pulled the rather embarrassed Pokemon close. "Don't worry, Psymakio. It was instinctive. And besides, seeing you get jealous about me was kind of...cute."  



_She wanted you. And I won't let anyone else have you, master._  



**Believe me, I don't want anyone but you, either.**  



The old man watched their silent exchange with a bit of envy. To be so close to a loved one as to hear their very thoughts, to communicate beyond words, beyond...everything...he hadn't had anything close to that before, save perhaps for the way he and his wife would sometimes be able to finish each other's sentences.  



Gardevoir picked up on the brief bit of sadness coming from Watson, and was about to suggest that Slash say something when the old man shook his head.  



"I may not be telepathic, but I know that you're worried about making me feel...lonely. It's alright, I assure you. You two are very lucky to have each other, and I refuse to stop you from being able to share your affection."  



Slash smiled sympathetically. "Psymakio says 'thank you'. And so do I."  



With the slight clouds of depression gone, Watson again focused on the present. "So, anything else happen while you were out? You were gone for a bit longer than I expected. I was about to wake up your Pokemon and go out looking for you."  



"Well...we were kinda ambushed by Archie and a few Aquas after dinner..."  



"What!?" Watson yelled, nearly falling over. "What happened? Are both of you okay?"  



Slash nodded. "We're fine. Archie wanted to ask about what happened at Slateport...and about Kiako. Apparently we're not the only ones who want him dead. So I told him what I knew about the red-eyed bastard...everything except for the Pearl and the prophesy, of course."  



"That was wise. While the Aquas gave up looking for the Pearl and the remaining piece of the artifact, they'd be going right after it again if they knew that the Pearls still existed and that some are in human hands. Did Archie have anything else to say?"  



"Well...he asked us to join Team Aqua. He wanted me to be a 'rogue agent', one who travels nearly independently of the main base's orders, looking for a specific target while on the move. I...accepted the offer."  



Watson's eyes widened and his jaw dropped at that, a flare of anger in his heart. "You did what?! After all that I told you about those bastards? They're no better than the Magmas, and likely will be even worse now that the competition is out of the way!"  



"I know. That's exactly why I agreed. Team Aqua is going after Kiako, which serves my needs. I can use their information and resources not only to track him down...but to use against the Aquas themselves when the time comes."  



The old man's anger dissipated. "You mean..."  



"Yes," Slash said, eyes cold. "I'm going to finish what you and Briney started. You two crippled the teams long ago, stopped them from attaining deadly power. I will be the one to finish them off."  



Gardevoir whimpered involuntarily at the threads of dark thoughts that flowed from her master as he said that; Watson apparently felt it as well.  



"Boy, listen very closely to me. It's a dangerous game you're playing, working for the Aquas. The risk of being found out before you're ready to confront them is enormous...but it's still the least of the dangers."  



"What do you mean?"  



"It's...it's very easy to become tempted by the amount of wealth they can offer. The power they can give out. I know you do not think you would ever want those things, especially not from...from them...but...that's also what I thought too." Watson sighed, sitting down with a wince. "Even when I found out about the...darker things...that the Magmas did, I still wasn't able to resist the power and prestige that they offered. It took...well, you know what it took to make me realize how far I'd fallen. I don't want you to end up having a similar experience. A thousand lives aren't worth a personal realization."  



Slash considered that somberly, his dark thoughts dissolving. He was not perfect, no one was. And he was young, inexperienced with the matters of the world...especially in regards to the darker, criminal elements of the world. Worse still...he knew that he'd do anything to protect Gardevoir from harm, to keep her safe and keep their love intact. Would 'anything' include...what if the Aquas could ever provide a way to keep her protected? How far would he go, what darkness would he dance in if it meant ensuring his mate's safety?  



**(no, let's be realistic. That's not going to happen. From what Watson told me, the teams are just as against what me and her have as the rest of the world. Such a situation, such a temptation would never arise.)**  



And besides...with Gardevoir at his side, someone pure and loving and perfect like her...she would never let him stray off the good path. He could easily remember the growing frustration she'd felt when he talked to Archie about joining the Aquas, and her outright refusal to go along with it if he had intended to ally with them for nothing better than power. She would make sure that he didn't falter.  



"Watson, I understand that it won't be easy, especially with our...other concerns..." Slash said with a look at the silver angel next to him, "...but we need to do this. Kiako is not the only threat to Hoenn. We're not sure what he's after, but it's sure to be something that would endanger this world...and if the Aquas found out about that, if they obtained whatever it is that Kiako is looking for...they would not hesitate to use it if it served their purpose. We need to do this."  



_Master, tell him that I agree. Maybe it is not entirely...moral, using the resources and knowledge of the Aquas for our own goals...but in this case, it is for the greater good. If we want the people hurt by Kiako and the Aquas...as well as the Magmas...to be able to rest in peace, we need to do this._  



Slash relayed the message, and Watson nodded, feeling the familiar sting of guilt in his heart that always manifested itself when he thought of the history of the two groups. "I'm not going to say that I'm totally comfortable with this...but...you two are right. Me and Briney managed to do the right thing all those years ago...even if we committed such evil acts before we realized the truth...I'm sure that, with your Pokemon at your side, with my help and guidance, and with your own power and conviction...you can resist being tainted by their foul touch."  



The old man looked Slash in the eye. "I will do whatever I can when the time comes. I may be old, but the power of my Pokemon...and my conscience...is stronger than ever."  



Slash moved over and gripped his hand tightly. "We won't let you down. We'll stop them, no matter what it requires of us. And we won't be tempted."  



Watson sighed. "I just hope that you're right."  



-----------------------------------------  



That night, as the house went to bed, Gardevoir lay awake next to her sleeping trainer, unable to quiet her restless mind.  



She was worried...lately, whenever Slash was confronted with the idea of dealing with Kiako or Team Aqua, she was feeling something...dark in him. Not evil, but...powerful. Some kind of unbreakable determination within her master that probably should have made her feel comforted, but instead made her a little scared.  



It was close to what she felt from Kiako. Not very close, but...close enough.  



She supposed that all humans must have a part of them like this...a part that enables them to fight, to wage war, to use their full strength against an enemy. She did not known much about the specifics of human history, but from what Slash had told her, there had been countless brutal wars in their past...and while the causes of each conflict were very different, they were all also very much the same; people suffered, people died, and people never, ever learned their lesson.  



What chilled her the most was that it seemed that the same part of the human heart that allowed them to defend the weak, to stand up for themselves, to fight for freedom and safety and love...also allowed them to destroy the innocent, suppress the weak, and enslave those who were different.  



And, with a start, she realized that part of that...that paradox...was in her, as well.  



As different as she and Slash were from the barbaric monsters of Team Aqua, from the bloodthirsty callousness of Kiako, and from the arrogant discrimination of the Jirachians...it seemed that they were all too close to it.  



On a whim, she delved into Slash's heart through their bond, which, in sleep, was utterly unshielded. There was no resistance as she swam deeper into his soul, not even the natural involuntary shielding that all sentient life forms put up when invaded. It seemed that he trusted her absolutely, even in sleep.  



Ahead of her, she saw a blinding light...and felt a terrible cold wind coming from the same place. She continued forward until she could make it out clearly...and what she saw shocked her. There were two hearts within Slash...one, absolutely pure and bright...the other, jet black and cold as ice. Neither was dominant over the other, but they were both there, and both active.  



From the white heart, she felt kindness, sympathy, empathy...and, blinding in intensity, his love for her.  



From the black heart, she felt barely-constrained violence, a desire to stop the evils of the world no matter what it took...and a strangely intense urge to destroy Kiako in particular. Granted, the red-eyed man was an evil, unnatural thing...but Slash had only one previous violent encounter with him, and what they knew about him and his past and his objectives was minimal. So why...why did her master have such a burning, dark hate for him?  



It felt...it felt like the hate one would feel for someone that one has hated all their life, an eternal enemy.  



As she shivered under the cold breeze coming from the dark heart, she realized something worrying: the hearts were equal in power.  



It worried her because they were equal in power _now_.  



His love for her, which was still a fairly new development, was why they were equal now.  



What if...what if he'd never met her? What if they'd never fallen in love? Would the dark heart, this cold and terrible collection of violent thoughts...would it rule him? Would her precious Slash have become the kind of person that they now despised?  



_It doesn't matter, he DID fall in love with you,_ part of her own mind whispered.  



And yet...it still worried her. The thought of Slash even being capable of being like Kiako was just...fundamentally disturbing. It reminded her of what came to her mind when she thought of his name: a dark-haired warrior whose wrath could only be held back by the love of a woman.  



She---  



------------------------------------  



"Gardevoir?"  



Gardevoir jumped a bit, and Slash gave her an apologetic smile. "Sorry. You looked like you were having a bad dream, so I woke you up."  



She blinked, eyes adjusting to the darkness of the bedroom. Still nighttime. _A...a dream?_  



"Yeah. I felt you worrying and frightened over our bond, and you were tossing and turning. Was it bad?"  



_(a dream? Oh, I hope it was just a dream...I'd love him no matter what, but I hope that what I felt wasn't real...)_  



When Slash wrapped his arms around her, pulling her body close to his, she relaxed. _Yes, it was pretty bad. Thank you for waking me up._  



He brushed her hair away from her face and kissed her softly. "You should try to go back to sleep. I want us to be well-rested for tomorrow night."  



_For the...surprise you told me about?_  



"Yes. Watson arranged things nicely, so tomorrow night...well, after tomorrow night the two of us will be mates in every sense of the word."  



Almost instantly all of Gardevoir's fear and concern over her...dream...vanished. The amount of love pouring from Slash was absolutely overwhelming. She tried to find words for her happiness, but they slipped beyond her grasp; all she was capable of doing was hugging him tight, kissing him over and over until they were both breathless.  



"Good night, my love. We'll pick up where we left off then."  



_Good night...Slash. I can't wait._  



As the two began to drift back to sleep, Gardevoir stared up at the ceiling with a smile on her lips.  



_(even if he does have a dark heart along with a good one...his love for me will keep it in check. His sweetness and gentleness and decency will light his way through all his darker thoughts. I'm sure of it.)_  



With no doubt in her mind whatsoever, she spooned into Slash's warm body and fell asleep.  



----------------------------------------------  



The two of them slept into the afternoon, and Watson let them; judging from his experience with his wife, he knew they'd likely be awake most of the night.  



When the couple walked into the living room, still rubbing the sleep from their eyes, the old man pulled aside Slash for a moment.  



"Everything is set, my boy. I managed to get you the penthouse suite, fully stocked with everything the two of you might need for the evening...no one else will be on the floor, and the staff won't bother you unless you ring them up. As far as they know, you're nothing more than my honored guest."  



Slash beamed a grin, shielding so Gardevoir wouldn't receive any specifics about this yet. "That's excellent. Did you get the present for her?"  



"Yes...I'll give it to you before you leave. I know that you don't think she'll find it romantic, but...I think she will. The room and the gift must have set you back quite a bit, though..."  



"It's alright. We had a lot of money from fighting all those trainers near Rustboro, and besides...it'll help keep her safe." Slash looked over at a half-asleep Gardevoir, who was telekinetically pouring milk into her cereal. "She's so adorable, Watson. I hope that tonight goes perfectly."  



"I'm sure it will, my boy. Just remember...it's the first time for both of you. Don't expect it to be perfect on the very first try...but if you both communicate well and take things slow and patient, it'll be the most memorable experience of your lives."  



Slash nodded, feeling a mixture of arousal and nervousness building up already, and sat down to have a late breakfast with his soon-to-be mate.  



-----------------------  



They had some time to kill before the surprise, and Watson was out doing his work, so Slash pulled out a Trainer's Guide magazine and started reading. Gardevoir was (literally) hovering over his shoulder, looking at the pictures of Pokemon and locales that she'd never seen before.  



_Master?_  



"Yeah?"  



_Will you...sometime, would you consider teaching me how to read?_ she asked with a bit of embarrassment. Slash turned his head and looked at the beautiful girl's face with mild surprise.  



"You don't know how to read?"  



_No._  



"But...when Dock showed us the tablet at Slateport? You read it, remember?"  



Gardevoir perked up a bit and thought back; yes, she could. She'd never even realized that her reading the artifact was anything special until Slash mentioned it.  



_Yes, I could...but...it's...I can't really explain it. I can't read the words in this magazine, but I could read the artifact just fine. The tablet's writing was just...unique...I felt like it connected with me in some fundamental way. But I can't read this writing at all._  



"The writing here isn't much different than the kind on the tablet, though."  



_I don't understand it myself, master..._  



Slash smiled. "It's okay, Psymakio, we don't need to understand why. Who knows what kind of power that artifact had? In any case, I'd be glad to teach you how to read."  



Her face lit up with happiness. _Really? You'd teach me?_  



"Of course. Come on, sit next to me."  



------------------------  



When Watson came back a few hours later, he was astonished at what he saw.  



Slash and Gardevoir were cuddled up on his couch. The boy held a children's book in his hands, and the Pokemon was reading it intently, her fingers tracing the words on the page, both totally unaware of his presence. While he could not hear her talking, Slash's quiet corrections of pronunciation made what they were doing clear.  



_See...the...bale..._  



"Ball."  



_See the...ball. Sand...Sandshrew? Sandshrew...likes the ball. The ball is fall...falling down the hile._  



"Hill. Like this, hill."  



_The ball is...falling down the hill. Go get it, Sandshrew!_ Gardevoir broke out in happy laughter, throwing her arms around Slash's neck. _Master, thank you so much for this! Am I doing well?_  



Slash couldn't help laughing along with her. "Psymakio, you're absolutely amazing, yes! You've gone from not being able to read at all to a basic level in just a few hours! It can take human children months to do the same!"  



She giggled happily as he hugged her tight, her heart overflowing with pleasure at making her master proud. With such intense happiness overriding her timidity, she moved in to kiss Slash (and maybe start a little more) before they both noticed Watson standing at the entrance to the room with an incredulous expression.  



"You two...I don't think you'll ever stop surprising me," the old man said with a smile. "Is she really already reading, Slash?"  



"Yes, and she's doing very good!"  



_Well._  



Slash turned to her. "Well what?"  



_I'm doing very well, master, not very good._  



"Are you...did first-level reading girl just correct my grammar?" he asked with a pretend-angry expression on his face. Gardevoir smiled playfully and rested her head on his shoulder.  



_Maybe._  



"I'll pay you back for that later, you know."  



She flushed a bit, but did not pull away. _I hope so, master._  



With that thought in the air, both of them looked at the clock. "Five in the afternoon. Damn, we still have a couple hours. What should we do until then?"  



Watson considered. "Why don't the two of you go to a movie? That's a great way to kill some time. It wouldn't look unusual for a trainer to bring his Kaishakunin into a movie, either."  



Gardevoir looked up at her trainer. _What's a movie?_  



"It's like a television show, except longer and on a big screen so that lots of people can watch it together." Slash sent her a mental image of the two of them sitting together in the dark, enjoying each other's presence as much as the movie itself.  



_It looks kind of romantic..._  



"Movies often are. Human couples go to them all the time for dates...and usually end up making out more than paying attention to the movie. I know we couldn't do that," Slash said with a slight blush...it still felt a bit awkward talking about making out in front of Watson..."but we would still be spending time together. We could go straight from the movie to...our surprise, too."  



Gardevoir liked the sound of that. _Okay, let's go see a movie!_  



**And afterwards, let's make sweet love all night long!**  



Her face burned in embarrassment...and maybe a bit of arousal...and she was infinitely glad that Slash had sent _that_ message over their bond, and not out loud for Watson to hear.  



----------------------------------------  



As Slash was in the bathroom getting ready, Watson went over to Gardevoir.  



"I got a little gift for you...well, I suppose it's for the two of you," he whispered. "It'll be in the bathroom when Slash brings you to the...surprise. It's sure to surprise _him_, that's for sure! Be sure to get it as soon as you get there, okay? Don't let him see it until you're ready!"  



A little confused, but sensing nothing but good humor in the old man, Gardevoir nodded shyly. Something to make Slash happy? Well, Watson was a human, so she'd just have to trust that he knew what her master would like.  



Slash came out of the bathroom, and while he wasn't dressed any fancier than usual, he still looked...so beautiful to her. The strong, lean frame, the piercing blue eyes and night-sky hair...it made her heart light up. Gardevoir smiled in adoration of the handsome, strong man that was...well, hers.  



And, after tonight, he'd be hers for the rest of their lives.  



"Ready to go?" he asked quietly, taking her hand and squeezing it gently. She nodded, near-breathless with anticipation over the evening to come. As the two headed to the door, Watson handed Slash a small gift-wrapped package that he slipped into his pocket.  



The night was set, and the night was young.  



---------------------------  



Slash felt a bit awkward as the two bought their tickets and went into the theater...despite it being normal for trainers and their Kaishakunin to go to movies together, he and Gardevoir happened to be the only such pair in sight. However, karma seemed to make up for it, as the theater was nearly empty of people...only a few shadowed heads were down in the front row.  



"Let's sit back here," Slash whispered, leading Gardevoir to one of the rows near the back, giving them a degree of privacy. The two sat down together, and the dim light and isolation was so comforting that they were tempted to go ahead and hold hands, and be damned with the risk. They managed to resist the dangerous urge, but it was not easy.  



**If it wasn't for the fact that we're going to be making love later tonight, I'm not sure we could resist at all,** he sent to her, making her smile affectionately.  



The movie began to start, and the lights went full-out, obscuring them from view. The two sat together quietly, watching the action and enjoying each other's company, with Gardevoir occasionally asking for and offering what she repeatedly called 'popcorns', to Slash's infinite amusement.  



The movie was very romantic...a bit sad at times, but very romantic. Definitely a couple's movie. When the female character in the movie took off her clothes and laid down on the couch, the male character drawing her nude form, Gardevoir couldn't help but feel just a little bit...aroused and interested. She looked at Slash and saw he was feeling the same thing, and in this case his excitement at seeing another woman didn't bother her as much, probably because she could sense him mentally placing her own form over the actress.  



_Master, would you...ever consider...?_  



**I'm a lousy artist,** he replied, **although you can still take your clothes off for me and I'll just pretend to draw?**  



_Silly perverted boy,_ she whispered, and returned to the movie.  



When the two characters began making love, though, she couldn't help but think about...about...  



_We'll really be doing that tonight, won't we?_ she asked nervously. _We'll be...wow..._  



**Gardevoir, if we were alone, we'd be doing it right now.**  



She flushed brightly at that, and at the mental images he sent of him ravishing her right there in the dark, images of his fingers stroking that sweet spot inside of her, images of him plunging himself into---  



_H-how long does this movie last?_  



**Another couple of hours.**  



_Damn,_ she muttered, eliciting a quiet chuckle from Slash.  



--------------------------------------------------  



The movie did end, and while she was still rather...frustrated...she was still glad they'd seen the picture together. The ending was so sad...two lovers, scorned by others, losing each other in the icy cold sea...it hit disconcertingly close to home. Yet it didn't dampen either of their desire for each other this night; if anything, it made them want to claim each other even more, a primal desire to mate before something could tear them apart.  



And despite the tragic end to the movie, it had been so romantic...another real date for the two of them, a small example of the happiness they could share with each other, even restricted by society and its damned prejudices.  



As the couple walked out into the cool night air, this time sans-Aquas, Slash turned to Gardevoir, her beautiful face lit up by the movie theater's outdoor displays, and smiled.  



"Ready for the night to really begin?"  



Sighing happily, she nodded. Slash surprised her by pulling out the Pokeball she hadn't been in since...since she was a Ralts.  



"I need you to get in here for just a few minutes."  



_Why?_  



"Well, other than so I can surprise you...I need to sneak you past people. We'll be alone once we get to...where we'll be becoming mates...but there will still be humans at the entrance and such, so..." He gave her an apologetic look. "It would look far too suspicious if we're seen going...there...together."  



_It's okay, master, I understand. I'll be waiting._  



A ghost of a kiss moved over Slash's lips. He responded by sending a mental picture of him kissing back, and then he returned her to the Pokeball.  



Immediately he regretted the action; their bond was almost completely closed like this. Since Pokemon don�t experience any passage of time in their Pokeballs, what with it being, essentially, a form of stasis, he shouldn't have been surprised...but still...  



As he walked to the incredibly tall hotel in the shiniest part of Mauville, feeling strangely vulnerable without the bond, he realized just how much he missed her after a mere few minutes. Even though he'd only known her for a month or so, the memory of living without her was faded, ancient. Walking around without the beautiful Pokemon by his side, he felt so...lonely. So wrong.  



So he started walking faster.  



-------------------------------------  



Gardevoir awoke to consciousness to find herself in a huge, beautiful room atop the highest building in Mauville. Her master was right by her side, relief and happiness flowing from his heart at being with her again.  



She looked around the room, taking it all in. It was all so gorgeous, with soft-colored walls and flowing curtains and a balcony looking down over the town far below and...  



...and a large, soft bed.  



"Do you like it?" Slash asked, a bit uncertainly.  



_I...oh, master, this is...this is beautiful!_ Gardevoir laughed, bounding about the room, amazed at the luxury. _I can't believe that we have the whole night to ourselves here!_  



"We do. No one will hear us or come up to bother us." Slash embraced her from behind, linking his hands at her waist and kissing the back of her neck, eliciting a soft sound of approval from the silver beauty. "You're sure that you want me as your mate, right?"  



_Yes, Slash. I am,_ she whispered in a touched voice._I've wanted nothing else since I met you. All I want is to be by your side forever, to be yours completely, body and mind and soul._  



He held her tightly, letting their bond do the talking for him.  



"Do you want to do the actual ritual now, or---"  



_Let's just...enjoy each other a bit first. Our...first time...will be plenty enough without worrying about the mating process._  



"You're sure?"  



_Yes, I'm sure. Mating will involve us perfecting our bond while, you know, making love...I'd like to simply be with you normally before attempting something so complicated._  



Slash nodded, turning Gardevoir in his arms to face him. The two stared into each other's eyes for a long time, nothing but their love flowing between them. He put his lips up to her ear, and whispered two words.  



"Be mine."  



She shivered at the sensation of his hot breath on her skin, and replied with two words of her own, sent from the deepest part of her heart.  



_I'm yours._  



---------------------------------------  



To be continued.  



Incidentally, I HATE HTML TAGS, FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU