
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.



*   A/N: Yes, I know it's a bit late, but there were production problems. I didn't realize until I was nearly done that I had way too much sex in this chapter (and yes, there IS such a thing). So, sadly, I had to cut some of it out. And it really, really hurt, cutting the anal scene. AH WELL, THERE IS ALWAYS NEXT TIME.  



Fun fact: I dislike using the word 'pussy' in lemons. The term has really never turned me on much, so I'll go to crazy lengths to avoid it. Besides, sometimes it's fun to avoid the most common term for it, ya know? I actually think I made Slash use it in an earlier chapter, and I'm going to change it when I copyedit Arc 1 later. XD  



Important note: as author of this work, I can pretty much do whatever I want with Gardevoir to make things...more convenient. So, here's a slight change in her anatomy. You know the red horn thing? The thing right between her tits that would get in the way of a human-Gardevoir coupling? Guess what, it's retractable, only showing up when she needs it in battle or whatnot. I know, not many of you knew that, huh? HA HA...artistic license.  



Anyway, this is the end of Arc 1. Arc 2 begins in a separate story, because the review page for Sinners has gotten fucking GIGANTIC. Check my profile to find Arc 2 easily.  



If you don't want to have to check this story every day to find out when the next update is, e-mail me at slashfirestorm@inbox.com to get on the "Sinners Mailing List". I'll e-mail people when the next chapter comes out, and may send various other little things as they come to me.  



Anyway...hope you enjoy. :3  



---



**Chapter 16: From Tonight Until The End Of Time**  







They gently disengaged from their embrace, their hearts racing, love and arousal humming over their bond. Slash took her by the hand and began leading her to the large bed, but Gardevoir stopped him short.  



_I need to get something first,_ she whispered, hoping that whatever Watson got for her was worth stalling their lovemaking.  



"What?"  



_I'm...actually not sure. But just...wait here. I promise I'll be right back._  



She kissed him softly, and quietly wandered into the bathroom, closing the door behind her. The surprise was carefully wrapped up on the edge of the bath, with a small note laying on top of it. Fortunately for the still-learning Gardevoir, the note was short and simple enough for her to read.  



"Just trust me."  



Unwrapping the package carefully, she stared at the nearly-transparent, tiny piece of flimsy clothing in surprise, trying to understand what the point of it was. Why would wearing this for Slash be better than just coming out naked?  



_(well, Watson wanted me to trust him, and he knows more about human males than I do,)_ she thought to herself, removing her natural clothing and slipping into the small bit of soft fabric. She looked at herself in the mirror and blushed wildly; somehow, the idea of being naked with her master seemed less...intimidating...than letting him see her in _this_.  



Taking a deep breath and chanting to herself that Slash was going to see...and feel...her, in almost every way imaginable, letting her building excitement help drive away her panic, she turned to the door and walked back out into the bedroom.  



----------------------------  



Needless to say, Slash's eyebrows were not the only part of him to jump up in surprise when she came out in the nearly insubstantial garment. Gardevoir's face flushed and she smiled self-consciously at seeing where his eyes were focusing.  



"I...holy damn, Psymakio...I...fuck," he stammered, not noticing and not caring that he was broadcasting his unchecked arousal to her. "Where, uh...where did that come from?"  



_Watson told me that he got it for me...well, rather for both of us. I think he believes that you would find it to be more...exciting...than me just coming back out with nothing on,_ she said in a near-whisper. _Do human males really like that? I don't really understand..._  



Slash stood up, walking closer to her, unable to take his eyes off of the lightly-clothed angel. The silk clung to her slim form like a second skin, and was thin enough that he could see the faint coloring of her nipples through the material. The hem was almost up to her hips, exposing her long, sleek silver legs, which were normally so cruelly hidden underneath her natural dress...which, while elegant, concealed far too much in his opinion. If it were an inch higher, he'd probably be seeing the soft flesh of...  



"I...I'd be happy either way, but yeah, I'd say the old man's idea was a g-good one. You look...really really good," he blurted, making her smile prettily. Right now, all the calm and smoothness he'd had when he seduced her before was gone, she could feel that; perhaps the knowledge of just how much farther things were going to go tonight made it impossible to take things as lightly. Despite Gardevoir's instincts telling her that the male was supposed to initiate everything, she suspected that it would likely be up to her to get the poor, nervous boy started, at least at first.  



_(he's more knowledgeable about sexuality, but I'm more...in tune with the nature of it. It must be a human thing. From what master tells me, humans don't talk much about it.)_  



She embraced him tightly, loving the feel of her barely-concealed body so close to the hard, strong body of one she loved. The thought that there would soon be nothing between them, nothing to keep their bodies apart...it sent a rush of heat through her, from cheeks to...much, much lower.  



_I am glad you like it, master. Do you..._ she bit her lip as a hint of her own nervousness seemed to grip her, _do you want to see more of me?_  



Slash was silent for a moment, relishing in the feeling of the warm body against his. Oh boy, did he ever want to see more. He tried to be calm, tried to be casual and smooth and suave, but that line of rationality eluded him; despite all the sexual fantasies that a typical young man like him had, they did not prepare him for the real thing.  



(think of before, when we were together in bed...just think about what you want, what she wants, and go for it!)  



"I would like that, yes," he said quickly, strangely worried that Gardevoir would be offended by the hardness pressing against her belly, despite their previous activities. A quick scan of her mind, however, showed that she was extremely...curious...about the feel of it, and not in the least bit angry. And when she pulled back from his arms, her stunning ruby eyes staring back at him, he could feel her humor and arousal and nervousness all mixing together into something almost frighteningly powerful.  



_Undress me then, master,_ she half-commanded, a small smile on her lips. Despite the obviously positive reaction from Slash, she wondered what the point was of putting something on that would so quickly be taken off. But as her soon-to-be mate reached out and slipped the straps of the gown off her shoulders and began slowly pulling it down her body, she had no problem understanding the rush of eroticism that came from being disrobed by another.  



_(maybe humans have some rational ideas after all...)_  



Slash gulped as carefully moved the sheer fabric down, exposing the swells of her breasts. He'd felt that lovely softness before, of course, but he'd never seen them before. Even the memories of all those porn tapes he'd sneaked a peek at as a younger teenager didn't seem to prepare him for the sight before him; that kind of 'experience' just didn't seem to translate to real life, and even though her anatomy was not much different from a human's, and even though he'd already felt her and brought her to climax with his hand...it was still something new.  



When he looked at her blushing face, however, some of his nervousness began to dissipate, quickly being replaced with good-humored arousal. Ah, there it was. It seemed that, despite the initial worry and virginal nervousness the two of them had, things would get easier and flow more naturally as they progressed...and right now, as he took in the view of Gardevoir's beautiful, soft breasts, rosy pink nipples hardened in excitement, he could not help but laugh softly.  



"You're so much sexier than a human, you know that?"  



She looked at him in mild surprise; yes, she knew he found her beautiful, but the thought of him thinking she was better looking than human females? His own kind?  



_Th-thank you, master..._  



Slash continued moving the clothing down her body, making her skin tingle with the sensation of silk rubbing against her. He moved it down her chest, down her flat belly, and at last down her legs, exposing the most intimate part of his lover's body. He sensed her intense embarrassment at him staring there, and decided to ease her tension a bit before touching her.  



She stepped out of the gown and stood naked before him, never more turned on or more nervous in her life. Slash couldn't help but feel an intense wave of awe at her bare body; without her natural clothing, she was an angel of silver and softness, something so beautiful and sexy that it made his breath catch and his heart stop.  



"You're so beautiful, Psymakio," he said gently, nearly forgetting about his arousal as the stunning sight held him spellbound. "You're really mine?"  



_Of course, Slash...I'm yours in every way._  



"I'm not sure that I deserve someone as...as incredible as you," he admitted, but Gardevoir quickly shushed him, moving in to wrap her arms around him.  



_Your life has been so lonely before now, master...as has mine. When I think of you, I wonder how I can deserve someone as strong and caring...but I think that, after all the hard times we've had...I think we've earned our happiness._  



Slash's hands clasped her bare back, moving over her shoulders and through her hair. When he felt her lips on his neck, he moved down and gently cupped her bottom, loving the feel of that softness in his grasp. She didn't protest, and the two moved over the large bed, Gardevoir sitting on the end of it with Slash standing in front of her.  



_Can I...um...can I undress you, master?_ she asked with a flush. _It was really...exciting...having you take my clothes off, so---_  



"Yes, you can," Slash said with a smile, his voice a bit shaky. "You seemed really nervous when I was doing that to you, though...you really liked it?"  



_Oh yes, I did...you're right, I was a little afraid at first, but it ended up being so...intimate. Let me show you what I mean..._  



As her small hands moved to unbuckle his jeans, Slash felt some insecurity of his own. Gardevoir had never seen...that particular piece of human anatomy. She'd felt it before, even felt it rubbing to climax against her skin, but never actually seen it. He hoped that she wouldn't be repelled or intimated by the sight of it, especially since it was currently very...very...awake.  



She managed to get the belt and buttons undone, and as she pulled it down his legs, she noticed the sizable tent poking out against his boxers, and gulped nervously, again wondering if he could really fit into her.  



_(maybe you should take a closer look)_, part of her mind whispered, and she quickly pulled the boxers down and glanced at it before she could chicken out.  



_Oh my...that's pretty...large,_ she said in awe, making Slash laugh and relax a bit.  



"Not really. I'm about average, I think."  



_You look plenty large to me!_ she blurted. _I don't know how you compare to other humans, but to me...to my kind...wow. Do you really, really think we'll be able to...that I can...do you think it'll fit?_  



"There's only one way to be sure, Psymakio."  



She flushed, and quickly helped Slash remove the last of his clothing, her breath catching when the hardness brushed against her as she stood and pulled his shirt off. She looked at his bare form, considering it only fair after he eyed her up. He was...magnificent, lean and muscled and exactly what she wanted. Her eyes couldn't help moving from his chest down to his...  



_(wow)_, she thought to herself again. Her instincts may have only considered intercourse, but after all that Slash had told her about, her mind was racing with thoughts of what she could do with...that...and what he could do to her with it. And she had a feeling that by the time the sun came up, several of those activities would be experienced.  



The two stood there for a long moment, admiring each other, minds and bond racing. Not sure who was going to make the first move, Gardevoir turned around to climb into bed, only to feel a hand gently smack her ass. She whirled around and Slash was grinning playfully.  



"Sorry. You just have a cute butt is all."  



_Pervert._  



She bounded onto the soft bed, rolling onto her back and sighing contentedly. Another good human invention...beds felt so much better than laying outside. She looked up at Slash, who was gazing down at her parted legs, staring at...  



_Major pervert,_ she giggled through her self-conscious blushing. He grinned and turned to go dim the lights, and she quickly used the chance to telekinetically grab his butt. He whirled around, surprised, and she smiled back at him. _Yours is cute too, master._  



Smirking at her silliness, Slash dimmed down the lights, then went around the room, lighting all the candles that lined the shelves and tabletops. The room had become a world of flickering, shifting gold light, and while Gardevoir didn't understand the human concept of candlelight and romance, the beautiful lights still seemed to touch a soft part of her heart.  



He returned to the bed, but wasn't sure if he should climb on top of her; her body was so much smaller than his, and---  



_It's alright, master...I can use my abilities to hold your weight just fine. Now please join me...the bed is getting cold._  



Slash looked down at the beautiful silver angel laying before him, naked and excited and craving his touch. Her want for him, both physical and romantic, was as powerful as he'd ever felt it. He gulped, trying to banish the last of his virginal flustering. "I'll...I'll warm you up right away, my love."  



As he climbed into bed with her, an idea popped into his head, a wonderful way to start things off. After all, she'd expressed interest in it several times since their first physical encounter, so why not?  



"Psymakio...can I try something with you? Something to get things started?"  



She tried to look into his mind, but he was purposefully shielding it, wanting to surprise her. _You can do anything that you want, master. I trust you._  



He nodded and climbed atop of her, propping himself over her smooth form, and began to kiss her. Gardevoir had expected that, but was surprised when Slash took it to a whole new level, one she hadn't known existed.  



At first, he merely moved his lips on hers, giving her the unique and completely pleasurable sensation of touching and being touched at the same time. She loved the intimate contact, something uniquely human that he shared with her every time they did this...and when his tongue licked at her lips, tasting her, she could not help but whimper softly and arch her body up against his strong frame.  



**Don't be afraid to kiss me back, Psymakio**  



After a moment's hesitation, she gently slid the tip of her tongue between her lips, and was rewarded with the shockingly intimate feeling of it brushing on Slash's. This kind of contact had certainly never occurred to her, and she'd never have suspected that it would feel so...so...  



_Perfect,_ she sighed, deepening the kiss, loving the taste of her mate on her tongue, shivering when he sucked on it, moaning softly when he probed the inside of her mouth. She knew that he would not mind her battling for entry into his own mouth, but at the moment her instincts were telling her to simply lay back and enjoy his touch with a tiny touch of submission, trusting that he knew what he was doing.  



Slash broke the kiss suddenly, and upon seeing Gardevoir's flushed, panting face, decided to go ahead with his idea. He started moving down her body slowly, kissing her chin, her throat, over her collarbones. The small creature beneath him sighed contentedly at the sensation of his lips on her bare skin, her hands plunging into his raven's-wing hair. He moved to the beautiful swells of her breasts, gently cupping them with his hands, loving the feel of the soft skin and hard nipples against his palm. She was petite, yes, but the handful that she had was all that he needed.  



He lowered his lips to one of the sensitive nubs, and Gardevoir's rational mind seemed to fall apart.  



She cried out softly as Slash kissed her, first tracing a circle around the pink skin and then directly on the hard nipple, slipping it between his lips and tickling the tip with his tongue. She'd never thought of her breasts as extremely sexual before; when he'd fondled her back at Watson's house, it had felt pleasant, yes, but the sensation of his _mouth_ on her? It was absolutely divine!  



_Master! Keep doing that, please!_ she cried, feeling the warm spot between her thighs get increasingly slick and insistent as time went on. Slash complied, cupping one breast with his hand as he worked on the other with his mouth, sucking softly, sliding his tongue around the peak. Using their bond, he could vaguely feel what she did, and knew what kind of motion was getting her excited and what was simply neutral. When one nipple got too sensitive he moved to the other, until Gardevoir was sweating and panting underneath him, starting to close in on orgasm without being touched anywhere else.  



_That was...that was wonderful,_ she gasped, looking down at her master, still perched over her chest. _More, please..._  



Slash responded by quietly continuing to move down her body, kissing her chest and stomach, making a circle around her navel, then sliding down until he was between her legs. He traced the soft swell of her pubis with gentle kisses, then went around the inside of her thighs. Suddenly, Gardevoir knew what he was planning to do, and she felt a rush of excitement and mild panic at the prospect. She was curious about the activity, yes...she had been ever since he mentioned it, and once he'd licked her...her wetness from his hand, she was absolutely desperate to know what it'd feel like to have him tasting her...but the thought of her being too different from humans for him to enjoy it was...concerning.  



Sensing her distress, he looked up at her from between her thighs, his lips so close to her vulva that she could feel his hot breath on the sensitive flesh. "You're mostly similar to a human in this respect, Psymakio, but even if you weren't...you look and smell so delicious that I don't care about any differences. You're my mate, and I want to taste you, inside and out. Okay?"  



Trembling, and not with fear, she nodded, heart pounding. She closed her eyes, losing herself in the love for her that poured over their bond. Yes, he meant what he said. Shoving aside the rest of her doubts, she prepared herself for this...unique experience.  



Slash was looking at her soft lips and folds hungrily, feeling the inside of his mouth water at the thought of tasting her. He gently stroked the tender flesh there with his fingers, rubbing the rapidly pooling moisture over her from opening to clit, making her whimper with pleasure. She was so sensitive, so responsive...and yes, she was nearly identical to a human female in this regard, although she was a bit smaller and hairless, neither of which were a problem to him. The scent of her arousal was, indeed, like vanilla, one of his favorite aromas---and tastes. Unable to wait any longer, he lowered his lips to her.  



Gardevoir cried out softly, both telepathically and audibly, as he began to explore her. At first, he merely kissed around the outside of the vulva, trailing the edges of her labia, gently touching his lips to the nub of flesh around her clit. Seeing how much pleasure this brought to the writhing girl, he began to run his tongue along the skin, into her slit, teasing the opening before licking upwards, stopping just short of her most sensitive spot. He did this over and over, making her cry out loudly, until he felt her right on the cusp of climax.  



That's when he plunged his tongue into her.  



_Master!_ she yelled, clutching his head tightly, trying to press his face between her thighs. He probed deeply inside her, his hands clasping her bottom tightly as he pulled her close, trying to get as far in as possible. She was tight, damn tight...it was difficult to get a finger in her before, and right now she was clenched tightly on his tongue as he delved deeper, licking along the walls, trying to find that sweet spot that brought her to orgasm before. The tip of his tongue brushed the top of her tunnel and she cried out, her vagina squeezing hard, and he knew he'd found it. He licked at her in gentle strokes, like a cat lapping milk, driving her body into wild spasms, making her hips buckle and her hands pull at his head so tightly that it nearly hurt.  



**You alright, Gardevoir?**  



_D-don't stop! Please!_  



Eager to please the panting girl, he did not stop. He tried to lick up all the juices that poured out of her, his tongue lapping at her labia and thighs and back deep into her, probing the walls and that spot that drove her crazy. Her legs clenched tightly around his head, pressing him against her, her climax beginning to spill over their bond. She came hard, much harder than when they'd messed around before, her silky wetness splashing onto Slash's face, her lubrication gushing from her opening. When she finished, laying back and breathing hard, eyes closed in pleasure, he licked her clean, drinking in her cum and reveling in her delicious taste.  



When Gardevoir finally managed to open her eyes, she saw Slash looking up at her from between her thighs, lips wet with...her...and a pleased smile on his face.  



"I was wrong...you taste even _better_ at the source. Did you enjoy that as much as you thought you would?"  



Unable to speak so soon after such an earth-shattering orgasm, she merely nodded, mind racing. He'd actually done it. Something she thought he'd find disgusting, and he'd not only done it, but enjoyed it! Tasted her, licked her inside and out, drank up her...her release! And it had been wonderful...so gentle, so romantic...and the man had skills that would put a Lickitung to shame...  



Slash moved back up her body, trailing kisses on her sweat-slicked skin as he did so, until he was eye-to-eye with her once again. She kissed him softly, tasting herself on his lips as she did so.  



_I love you, master...I love you so much..._  



"I love you too, Psymakio. Do you think you're ready to...to do it? The main...thing?"  



She felt his arousal both flowing over their bond and pressing against her slick vulva; it was amazing that he'd been able to concentrate enough to work on her body like that when he was so turned on himself...and amazing he wasn't rubbing himself off on her right now.  



_Yes...so, um...how do you want to...um..._ She sent a few images of various positions to him, and he laughed softly at her flushed face.  



"I think that you should be on top of me this first time. That way you'll have more control over the...penetration...and also you won't have to hold me up with your powers."  



_Al-alright..._  



As she slipped out from under him, he placed a hand on her bare shoulder and turned her to face him. "You're sure you want to wait for the actual mating? I'm ready to do it anytime you are."  



_Yes...after...what you just did...I want to experience a bit more first. Maybe even tomorrow morning, if...this...wears us out too much._  



"I think we'll last quite a bit, Psymakio...but alright. Whenever you're ready, just let me know."  



She nodded, giggly and giddy at him sounding so eager to complete the process. In all honesty, she was tempted to go ahead and do it right now, yes...but it would probably be best if they waiting until after their first time. She was still worried about whether or not he would actually be able to fit inside of her, and did not want that uncertainly clouding the mating process.  



Slash rolled onto his back, his erection jutting stiffly from his body, making Gardevoir laugh a bit at the funny-looking thing...and making something deep inside her jump in anticipation. He _really_ intended it to fit in her, and if she was not able to physically accommodate him, she would be...ashamed. One of his fingers had felt more than adequate; his tongue had been a very tight fit. This thick column of him? It would either be impossible...or it would be absolutely amazing.  



She straddled his hips, her legs on either side of him, her wet labia pressing the hard erection against his body. Even as simple an action as that was intensely pleasurable for both of them; Gardevoir felt that she could simply rub their bodies together until she climaxed again, and Slash's rapidly-building excitement indicated that he would be willing to do the same if she desired. But this was not the time for such play; this was the serious business of losing one's virginity, something that only happened once in a lifetime. And despite what Watson told Slash earlier, that the first time was more about experience than pleasure, her lover was intent on making his mate feel pleasure beyond her wildest dreams.  



He focused on Gardevoir, who was absently rocking on his erection, tingles of sensation bursting through her as her clit skated on his hardness. "Lift yourself up for a second, okay?"  



She nodded, placing her hands on his chest and lifting her lower body off of him; he saw his cock glistening with the wetness of her arousal. "...now just lower yourself onto me. Go as slowly as you need to. It may hurt at first, but I promise that it will get better once I'm all the way in."  



_O-okay..._  



Trembling as she lowered herself down, she bit her lip as the head of his erection poked into her, slipping between her labia; for a terrible moment it seemed that he would not be able to fit, but then she sunk onto him, just a little, just enough for the two of them to know that it was possible.  



As his cock slowly penetrated her, stretching her open, a sharp burst of pain cracked through her body; Slash quickly moved to absorb that pain, taking it in himself.  



_You...you don't have to do that,_ she whimpered. _I'm willing to have a little pain to be with you..._  



"You've made enough sacrifices for me, Gardevoir. Let me do this one thing for you."  



Nodding, tears in her eyes, she continued downward, the feeling of him filling her up overwhelming; it was slow, it was difficult, but as she took him into her, feeling the delicious hardness sliding in on her wetness, pleasure was slowly starting to warm her up, replacing the odd void of the pain Slash was taking away.  



A lifetime later, she felt her labia settle on his body, the coarse hair around his cock tickling the sensitive skin. He filled her up completely, the head of his cock pressing against her cervix, her tight walls straining to accommodate his thickness...it was...it was...  



"A perfect fit," Slash whispered, and Gardevoir responded with a flurry of mental kisses. "I told you we could do it."  



_Are you still...taking in my pain?_  



"Yes, although there's not as much now..."  



_Let me feel it. Thank you for getting me through the hardest part, but...I want to experience this fully now. The pleasure and the pain. Please, Slash._  



He nodded, releasing the thread of control he had, and Gardevoir cried out softly; it didn't hurt, not badly, but she was stretched and filled more than she thought physically possible...an odd mixture of a deep-down burning and a strange, tingling electricity that both warmed and chilled her.  



When Slash tentatively moved in her, just the slightest bit, she winced and sent a gentle 'stop' over their bond. He looked up at her, concern on his face as he saw her tightly closed eyes and brightly colored face.  



_Just...give me a moment...I need to...adjust..._  



"Of course."  



While she waited for her body to relax and accept the incredible presence inside her, Slash slowly opened their bond, exposing himself as fully as he ever had.  



_What are you doing, master?_  



"We should be fully connected when we do this. Let's release all of our shields...we can even take down each other's involuntary ones..."  



_You're sure? I'll understand if there's anything you want to keep hidden...I know that humans value their privacy..._  



"All of it. We will hide nothing from each other. Our bodies are already joined...so let's join our hearts. Absolutely, irrevocably joined."  



_Al-alright..._  



She dropped her own shields, exposing herself to him; there wasn't much he hadn't already seen, as their current bond was so very powerful, but there was a depth to her own insecurities and worries that he'd never viewed before. Yet, before she could feel any shame, or offer any apologies, he was sending soothing waves of assurances and soft words to her, easing the deepest of her buried pain, promising her everything she wanted: approval, protection, friendship, love...  



_Master, I...oh, master..._  



"You don't need to say anything. Now...help me with my shields. It's harder for me to take down some of them."  



She looked into his heart, seeing that he'd already dropped all the barriers he could, and moved to disable the few he could not, and the few he wasn't even aware existed. It gave her a strange thrill to do this, unraveling the threads of his individuality; it was like when she undressed him, although a thousand times more intimate...he wasn't allowing her to merely expose his body, but to expose his _soul_...if that wasn't love, what was?  



As she moved deeper into him, she saw something buried down at his core, something that felt oddly familiar. It was the dual hearts she'd viewed in her dream, and they were both very real. The only difference was that right now, the dark heart, while still powerful, was absolutely outshone by the light one...his love for her was like a blinding beacon, casting away the shadows of his own inner darkness.  



_(I should not have worried about him...he has a cold part of him, yes, but who doesn't? And as long as he cares for me...cares this much for me...that dark heart is not a threat, not to either of us)_  



She sent a mental kiss to that sun-bright core of goodness in him, making his body and soul tremble. When she finally withdrew back into the physical world, he was pulling her body down to his, her small breasts pressing tightly on his hard chest, covering her face with kisses. The shifting of his erection inside of her, pushing on her inner walls, made stars flash before her eyes, and not from pain.  



_Master...I think I'm...um, ready now..._  



Slash released her from the tight embrace, allowing her to support herself by pressing her small hands on his chest. Gardevoir liked the logistics of this position, at least for their first time; while her instincts wanted him to take her from behind, she could control the speed of things like this...and could make eye contact with the beautiful man beneath her.  



They started out very slowly; Gardevoir carefully lifted her lower body up, feeling his thick cock slide out of her until only the head remained in, then slowly lowered herself back down, loving the feel of his sex driving back into her, filling her completely. As tight as she was, she was also extremely wet and slick from their previous play, and Slash moved easily within her.  



"Fuck, Psymakio...this is---"  



_Amazing,_ she whispered, rocking slowly on his erection. Slash reached behind her and clasped her soft buttocks, helping move the silver angel along him. She was so tight, so deliciously small and hot; although he would never have anyone else to compare it to and thus would never know it, Gardevoir was significantly warmer than a human female, and the hot grip of her velvety walls on his shaft was nearly driving him mad with pleasure.  



She was going faster now, riding him with smooth wave-like motions of her hips, and now he was moving with her, thrusting up into her warmth, matching every movement she made. She would rise up, hating and loving the feel of his cock withdrawing almost completely from her, then drop down as Slash thrust upwards, their slick bodies clapping together as he plunged into her to the hilt, flesh meeting flesh. Her pain was gone now, diluted into the feeling of being filled up, stretched tightly around him, grasping the most sensitive part of her lover with the most sensitive part of herself and refusing to let him go.  



Slash was trying his best to resist simply slamming into her, knowing that even as slickly as he was moving in her body, she would still be in pain if he went too fast before she was ready. He was also trying to resist the normal virgin's problem of releasing too early; never before had he felt such pleasure. The feeling of his hand was absolutely nothing compared to this; even rubbing himself to orgasm against her soft bottom did not compare to the sensation of his entire cock being embraced by her slippery vagina. When she moved upwards, it felt as though her tunnel were sucking on his erection, forcing it to remain within her...and when they moved together, thrusting into her so far that the head of his penis bumped a soft yet firm wall at the end of her channel, it was...nearly overwhelming. It was like moving through liquid silk, clenching onto him with strong, tight walls of slick membrane.  



He looked down at where their bodies met, a huge rush of arousal washing through him (and through her over their bond) at the sight of her taking his large penis into her small body. Her soft, slick labia were wrapped so tightly around the shaft of his cock, and when she moved up they seemed to grip him even harder, holding him as best it could as the slippery juices inside made her lift off of him until only the tip remained, his erection glistening wetly from her lubrication. It was almost obscenely sexy, something so erotic that it felt wrong at the same time as it felt so right.  



She was breathing hard, moaning deep in her throat as she rode him, her breasts bouncing slightly from her movements. Her fingers, small yet so strong, gripped his chest as tightly as he was now clasping her ass, trying to move her faster.  



Gardevoir could feel what Slash was getting, although the actual pleasure from it was beyond her; she feared that sampling _that_ would make the two of them climax far too early for her liking. Noticing the way he reacted when she squeezed tightly on him, she plopped down, taking the entire length of his erection into her, and clenched down hard as she rotated her hips slightly, making her mate groan with wordless pleasure.  



**Fuck, Psymakio! How did you know that---**  



_Benefits of our bond, master,_ she panted with a playful smile, gripping him one more time before continuing to bounce in his lap.  



Suddenly she felt the sensation of lips and tongue on her breasts, and looked down to see Slash was not physically doing it, but sending the touches mentally. He had never done that before, and logically should not be able to, even if the mating ceremony was already completed...he was human, and would likely never have such abilities. She did not have the mental will to ask or argue about it, however, and merely enjoyed the phantom touches and kisses and suckling on her skin.  



**Benefits of our bond, love,** he said in a strained whisper, making her laugh and moan at the same time. It was becoming too much for her, and she could feel his own willpower starting to fade away as well. Sensing the near-orgasm pleasure in each other, they began making love hard and fast, Slash's fingers gripping her butt so tightly that it would have hurt under normal circumstances, forcing her hips up and down his cock.  



Unable to hold herself up any longer, she slumped forward until her body was draped over his, her breasts against his sweat-slicked skin. The change in position seemed to change the way he was moving in her, the thickness of his cock rubbing hard on a part of her walls that was making her cry out uncontrollably; it felt like she were climaxing with every stroke.  



_I...can't keep...I'm going to cum, master!_ she yelled, feeling delightfully dirty as such a term escaped from her. Slash smiled, breathing hard, and put his lips up to her ear.  



"Don't try to hold it back, then...let's finish together, bodies and bonds connected..."  



They gripped each other fiercely tight, arms and lips and bodies and sexes pressed together, and Gardevoir cried out audibly as her orgasm overtook her, her hot breath escaping into Slash's mouth as he plundered her with his tongue. The feel of her tight walls clenched down on him as she climaxed was too much for him; as another splash of her silky cream coated his lower body, he gave her a series of hard, fast strokes, nearly making her cum again, and thrust into her as deeply as he could, filling her with his essence as her tunnel shivered and pulsed hotly around him.  



Gardevoir lifted her face from his chest and looked at her mate's satiated face, a beaming smile on her lips. He was still inside her, although his erection was starting to fade. It was perfect; he filled her up completely, the entire length of him...if she were any smaller, or he any larger, it would have been impossible. But they were a perfect fit, and the experience was absolutely remarkable...and from the look on his face, it seemed that it was a mutual opinion.  



_You look like a cat that just got the cream, master,_ she panted, and Slash grinned back at her.  



"I did...you squirted it all over me."  



She laughed, a faint blush on her cheeks, and lay her head back on his strong body, arms wrapped around him. For a long while she enjoyed the simple feel of his chest rising and falling as he began to catch his breath, loving the feel of his sweaty skin sliding over her own. His hands were still on her bottom, absently cupping and caressing the soft globes there, fingers occasionally playing over the entrance there, giving her an odd but not unpleasant tingling sensation (one that made her wonder and hope that he would eventually take her there, as well). It was...heavenly, being in his embrace like this, hearts and bodies together, feeling so safe and secure and loved.  



_Master...I...there aren't words to describe how much I love you...but..._  



"We don't need words, remember?" Slash said, sending a pulse of his affection over the bond. "What we have is beyond words, beyond logic, beyond...everything."  



_Do you remember when I asked you what love was, a long time ago?_  



"Yeah."  



_You told me that it was as simple as enjoying one's presence for no other reason than them being there. Back then, you weren't sure if that's what love truly was, but...I think you were right. I look back at where I was a couple months ago...alone, scared, living every day thinking it would be my last...and I compare it to now, with you holding me like this, your heart telling me how much I mean to you, your body showing it to me. You gave me a home, you gave me friends, you gave me strength...and now you've given me the one thing I never thought I would have...a mate who loves me. I...I don't know what to say, but..._  



Hot tears...not of sorrow, but of happiness...dripped onto Slash's skin as she held him tightly. _All I can promise you is that I'll always love you, and always protect you. Forever. No matter what happens to us or who hates us or anything. I---_  



Slash gently shushed her, gently cupping her chin and turning her to face him. "You don't need to say anything else, Psymakio. I know. I can feel all that from you...and I know you can feel it from me. We'll always be together...until death do us part."  



_And even then, it'll have to take us kicking and screaming,_ Gardevoir said forcefully, and Slash laughed, kissing her deeply, one hand moving up to press against her back and pull her close. When their lips parted, both of them quietly lay together, absorbed in each other's emotions, slipping into the warmth of their afterglow.  



_(How could anyone consider this wrong? I mean...this was not mere physical pleasure, it was...everything that's good in the world put together...)_  



**(I don't care what anyone thinks of this. It was perfect, a mix of love and pleasure and everything the two of us wanted and needed...our differing species are irrelevant, both to each other and to the rest of the world. And to hell with anyone who thinks differently.)**  



As the two snuggled together, Slash's sex began to stir again inside of Gardevoir's body, and she looked up at him with a mischievous smile. He was eager to go again, and she would love to have a second round, herself...but something...different...crossed her mind.  



_(can I really do that? Would he let me?)_  



She almost reconsidered asking, but after their intimate experience together, the idea that anything was out of bounds didn't seem logical. She could sense that Slash was willing to try anything that she would suggest, and after him licking her...there...she was more than happy to try any of the odd human methods that he brought up. So...  



_Master?_  



"Yes?"  



Gardevoir blushed, but the tingles of arousal starting to shoot through her as his erection swelled inside her quickly overrode her hesitation. _May I try something for you? Something...sexual?_  



"You have an idea?" Slash asked with a bit of surprise. He knew that she was willing to hear his suggestions, but to offer some herself? It was unexpected...  



(but kind of hot, too...)  



_Yes...it's...something like what you did for me earlier. When you were, um, licking me...I saw one of your thoughts about...me doing something kind of like that for you, and...well..._  



"You want to give me a blowjob?!" he asked incredulously.  



_Is that..._ she sent a mental image, coloring furiously as she did so. He was starting to move slightly inside of her, obviously getting rather excited at the idea.  



"Y-yeah...wow, yeah, you can definitely try that if you want! I'm just a bit surprised you'd be willing to!"  



She smiled, trying to look as nonchalant as possible. _Well, I'm not a clueless virgin...not anymore, anyway..._  



Slash grinned widely, his sex-drenched mind spinning. "I know, heh...so, uh, yeah, do...do anything you want!"  



She nodded, pulling herself off of his hard sex. The feel of him sliding out of her was not something she enjoyed, however...she felt so...empty...without him now. It was funny...she'd gone her whole life without him, but now the idea of having to live without him plunging into her, stretching her open...it seemed almost depressing.  



_(relax, we'll be doing it a lot more! Besides, after how good being licked and making love was, he deserves something special...and I'm sure I'll be climaxing more before the night is done...)_  



Slash slid over to the side of the bed, sitting up with his legs draped over the edge, his erect cock poking up in the air, waving slightly as he shifted on the soft mattress. Gardevoir couldn't help but giggle at that sight; his penis looked like it was begging for her attention, waving her on. She was still amazed that something so large had fit in her, but the wetness that still coated the shaft...and the warmth of his cum that was running down her thighs...was evidence enough that it had been possible.  



_Um...do you have any...advice?_ she asked nervously as she knelt down, her lips mere inches from the hard organ.  



"Just, uh...be careful with the teeth, okay? No biting or anything..."  



_Alright..._  



"Also, don't feel like you have to take it all in your mouth...just do what you can. I don't expect you to deep-throat on your first try or anything...and you don't have to swallow or nothing..."  



She blushed, but after a quick scan of her lover's mind, she decided that she would indeed try to...to do those things if she could. He wanted her to, but didn't want to pressure her; well, she'd show him what she was capable of.  



Hesitantly, tentatively, she gripped the hard shaft with her bare hand, gently stroking the length of it. Her hand moved slickly on the skin, sliding easily on her own lubrication, making Slash groan softly.  



_Does that...feel good, master?_  



"Fuck yes...But you can grab me harder, it's not made of glass. I mean, if I wasn't hurting from fucking you, as tight as you are, your hand isn't going to hurt me."  



Shivering at the sound of him talking about their lovemaking, she nodded, gripping him a bit tighter. The skin was so soft, despite the organ being so hard...like his dual heart, her lover's body seemed full of paradoxes.  



A bit of moisture was gathering at the slit, and she rubbed it across the head of his cock with her thumb, eliciting another pleased sound from Slash's lips. Deciding to make her move, Gardevoir licked the head, tasting his pre-cum and her own wetness on the warm skin.  



Sensing nothing but approval and pleasure coming from him, she moved down the length of his cock, alternating between long licks and soft kisses, gently fondling the shaft with her hand. What originally felt kinky and dirty was quickly exciting her, making her own juices start to flow again. Giving one last swipe of the tongue across the sensitive underside of his erection from base to tip, she carefully took the head between her lips.  



"Gardevoir, that's so...wow, fuck...just, uh...keep doing what you're doing..."  



Smiling as Slash's descent into flustered, wordless excitement, she moved her head down his length, taking several inches of the hardness into her hot, wet mouth. Gripping the rest of him with her hand, she started moving her lips up and down, her tongue massaging the bottom of his cock. Her free hand drifted between her legs and began slowly massaging the warm and slippery skin there.  



As Slash looked down, seeing the beautiful glowing girl bobbing on his erection and touching herself, he was nearly blown away; it was hard to contrast the innocent, shy Gardevoir with the sensual, sexual entity that she was right now. Of course, he couldn't say that he was any different; when the two of them had made love, he felt like an entirely different person, one who wasn't afraid to touch her and fondle her. Like when they'd brought each other to orgasm in Watson's house, it seemed that their worries vanished when their arousal was intense enough...and right now things were very...very...intense.  



Gardevoir decided that she would try to take his entire length into her; she gripped the base of his cock and moved her lips down until the head hit the back of her throat, nearly making her choke on the thick column of flesh. What Slash hadn't thought of, however, was that a psychic Pokemon like her, with mastery over telepathic and telekinetic disciplines, would be easily able to suppress her gag reflex.  



As his penis sunk into her throat, her mouth taking him in completely, Slash nearly blacked out from the pleasure of it.  



"Oh my...Gardevoir, yes! I don't believe how good this feels..."  



She smiled around his shaft, rubbing herself more furiously, and slowly moved back up, until she was teasing the head of his penis with her lips and tongue, then again sunk down on it until he slipped into her throat once more.  



_(this is easy! I don't know why he thought I couldn't handle this...)_  



Moving more quickly now as his pleasure skyrocketed towards climax, he gripped the back of her head tightly, fingers burying themselves into her silky green hair.  



"You-you don't have to swallow, you know...I probably won't cum too much, since we just...but still, it's okay if---"  



_Hush now,_ she whispered, surprising him quite a bit; he forgot that she'd be able to talk to him telepathically while sucking him off. _Just sit back and enjoy this..._  



His hips began thrusting forward as he neared orgasm, and Gardevoir had to be careful to make sure he didn't scrape her teeth. She put a nearly paper-thin barrier around the sharp points, just to be safe. Right as he was about to cum, she took him in completely, the end of his cock gripped by her hot tight throat, her tongue swirling around the shaft in her mouth. Slash grabbed her head hard and released into her with a loud cry, and Gardevoir swallowed the cum eagerly, the feel of her muscles working around his penis making her mate fall onto his back with pleasure.  



She carefully withdrew her mouth, his cock popping out from between her lips, coated with her saliva. When she saw her nearly passed-out master laying back on the bed, breathing hard, wordless exclamations of thanks jumping over their bond, she was overjoyed; the part of her heart dedicated to pleasing her trainer _and_ the part dedicated to pleasing her mate were both positively glowing at the knowledge of having made Slash so happy.  



_You liked it, huh?_  



"Oh fuck, Psymakio, I loved it...for someone who has never done that before, you sure do it like a champion..."  



Smiling happily, she climbed into bed, snuggling into the exhausted Slash's embrace. _Well, it doesn't matter that I don't have much experience. I can feel what you like and what you don't like, so I'm able to adapt pretty quickly._  



"How come you were able to...you know...deep-throat me so easily?"  



She looked at him with a hint of surprise that it was apparently something difficult. _I'm a psychic Pokemon, master. I'm able to control both my mind and my body with my abilities. Making it so I didn't choke on your...on your penis...was not difficult._  



Taking in what she said, Slash couldn't help but smile widely, all the parts of him---heart, body, and the teenager's horniness---excited to hear that.  



_You taste good, too,_ she confessed with a blush.  



"Unbelievable. I have a girlfriend...a mate...who loves me like no other, and is insanely tight, incredibly delicious, and gives really amazing oral and likes doing it. How can this night get any better?"  



Gardevoir leaned over his body and wrapped an arm around him, kissing his chest and sighing happily. _I have a few other ideas, master...but it's your turn now. Anything you'd like to do before our mating? I'm...willing to do anything, you know..._  



"Oh, yes, I have ideas...but give me a little time to rest...I'm not a machine, silly..."  



Laughing, she nodded, cuddling up tightly and closing her eyes, enjoying an afterglow almost as wonderful as the one that followed their lovemaking. She wasn't physically satisfied this time, but the happiness shining within her at having made her master happy was just as good. Physical bliss would come soon...but for now, she enjoyed the simple, perfect pleasure of laying with her mate under the soft glow of candlelight and the full moon streaming in through the window.  



-----------------------------  



Gardevoir woke up a few hours later.  



She glanced around the darkened room; many of the candles had burned or blew out. The clock showed that a few hours had passed, so, luckily she hadn't slept through the night. Slash was sleeping lightly under her touch, and she brushed his face with her hand...he looked so adorable when he was sleeping, and even more so now, with his hair ruffled from their activities earlier.  



_Master...wake up..._  



When he didn't respond, she slyly slipped a hand down and gripped his soft penis, gently running her fingers over it. Instead of trying to wake him up right away, she began to send a continuous stream of mental images to the sleeping trainer...images of her making love to him, images of her licking and sucking on him, images of him between her legs, licking her up. His cock quickly hardened in her hand, and she continued stroking it until he woke up, breathing hard and sweating.  



"Gard...Gardevoir? What are you doing?"  



_Waking you up, of course. I decided to...warm you up, as well._ She looked down at the thick length in her grip, and smiled playfully. _It appears that you are most definitely awake, and most definitely warm, too._  



Slash laughed in a shaky voice, but then gripped her hand softly and moved it off of him. She looked at him with questioning eyes, and he leaned down to kiss her, surprising her with the ferocity of the contact, tasting her, plundering her mouth before finally breaking away and leaving her breathless.  



_...master?_  



He took her hands in his own, smiling lovingly at her. "There's a lot of things I would like to do with you...so many kinds of fun we could have, so much pleasure for us to explore. But right now...there's only one thing I want. And that is for us to become mates."  



Gardevoir cried out in surprise, tears starting to well up in her eyes. She knew that they'd be doing that tonight, yes, but she thought it would be after a night's worth of sexual experimenting. She could see the uniquely male part of her lover's mind, a burning ball of arousal and want, and she was more than willing to satisfy that part of him before turning to the deadly seriousness of joining together as mates...but for him to suggest it now, despite his own very clear desire to have her over and over first...  



_You're...you're sure?_ she asked quietly, starting to tremble a bit. _I'm willing to...to be together more before then...I consider that to be just as important to our love as sweet words and feelings..._  



"I'm sure." He squeezed her hand tightly, sending his full feelings over the bond. "I can't deny that I want to try a lot more with you...and maybe we can go ahead and play around more afterwards...but..."  



_But what?_  



"It's just that...Psymakio, I dont know how much time we have together. We could spend the rest of our days by each other's sides, or we could get found out and killed tomorrow, or be killed by Team Aqua or Kiako or who knows what else. I just want to be your mate as soon as possible...so that, when our time comes, I can say that we were together as long as we could."  



_Master, even if we never went through the ritual, I'd still love you...I'd still consider us to be together. But if you want to do it now...well, my instincts have been yelling at me to let you claim me for a while now, so I'm ready...if you are._  



"You told me about it before, but not the specifics...so, what do we do first?"  



Laughing happily, she leapt onto Slash and embraced him tightly, covering him with ghostly caresses and kisses. Happy tears shone in the back of her eyes; he meant it! He really, really meant it! He wanted her, and he wanted her now!  



_Oh, master, I love you so much! This means so much to me, you wanting to go ahead with it so soon...thank you, Slash. I love you, love you..._  



Unable to get a physical word in with her covering his mouth with her lips, he sent a pleased mental reply. **I'm honored to be allowed to join with you like this...so you don't have to thank me for anything.**  



_Tonight is rather wonderful, isn't it? We're sharing everything with each other...not just our love, our hearts, and our bodies, but...our cultures, too. You brought me here, showed me things that are uniquely human...and now we'll be joining together using part of my culture. It's like we're joining everything that makes us...us...and burning away the impurities, until there's nothing but our love. Master..._  



He kissed her back, hands roaming over the small creature's bare skin. **You're right. You'll guide me through this, right? You didn't tell me the specifics...**  



_Of course!_ Reluctantly releasing her grip on her strong male, she began to focus on the matter at hand. _Um, first...we should get cleaned up first. Normally the two Pokemon would both bathe in a spring so that they'd be physically purified...and...well, we're both pretty...sticky right now..._  



Slash laughed. "Yes, we are. That's what happens when we have as much fun as we have. We don't have to bathe separately, do we?"  



Gardevoir grinned. _I don't believe so._  



"Awesome."  



---------------------------------  



Slash didn't think there was any sight more beautiful than his naked, wanting Gardevoir laying in bed, waiting for him.  



But he'd never seen a naked _wet_ Gardevoir before.  



She stepped into the large shower with him, the water steamy hot, and sighed dreamily. _It feels so good, master...much better than the cold ponds and streams back where I lived._  



Slash just smiled, transfixed on the way the water glistened and flowed across her skin, her hair, currents running down her body and falling in miniature waterfalls. She looked like an angel of moonlight and rain, something otherworldly in her beauty.  



"Can I wash you off?"  



With a shy glance at her master, she nodded, turning around so Slash could get at her back first. He soaped up a washcloth and started to work on her shoulders, brushing the sensitive and vulnerable skin of her neck, sending a shiver of sensation down her spine. So unusual, letting someone touch her there...so contrary to her instincts to allow such a thing before they were true mates. She supposed part of her had already accept him as such, ritual be damned.  



He slid down her back, washing her with the cloth and his free hand, soaping and scrubbing her glistening skin, trying to resist the urge to slip around and cup her rain-drenched breasts. He moved down lower, kneeling to get at her thighs and calves, then going back up to run his hands over her soft bottom.  



"You have the most amazing ass I've ever seen, Gardevoir," Slash whispered, fingertips tracing little circles on the slick round cheeks. He could not resist slipping a finger between them, gently prodding into her anus, making a whimper escape her lips.  



_Have you seen a lot of them in your days, master? You better not have._  



"No, but it's still the most beautiful sight I've ever laid eyes on." He grinned lecherously, removing his finger from her. "Well, so far...turn around, I need to work on your front side now."  



_Just don't get too distracted...I want us to have some endurance for the ritual, not waste all of our energy here in the shower._  



"Oh, I'll keep strictly to washing you, I promise. Maybe."  



Laughing, she turned around, and for the second time that night Slash's lips were mere inches from the soft flesh between her thighs. Temptation. Dear gods, temptation.  



**(i will be good, i will be good, i won't go down on Gardevoir again...until later at least...)**  



He moved his fingers and the washcloth up her long, sleek legs, sliding so easily on the water-slicked skin...tracing over her thighs, he rubbed gently at her labia, making the angel above him coo in pleasure. Moving in little circles with his fingertips, he focused on the silky skin, the hot little slit, the buzzing nub overtop it all...and could not resist slipping a finger into her.  



_M-master! No no no, we...we need to focus on...on, um..._  



"Mating?"  



_Y-yes...I...um..._  



"You're right, of course," he whispered huskily, making sure to rub against the sweet spot inside her as he withdrew, shaking with lust at the way she softly whimpered and clenched up as he did so. "Back to business."  



Moving his hands up her flat belly, over her sides, up to her small, sweet breasts, he kneaded the pliant flesh beneath his palms, growing ever harder as Gardevoir's excitement rocketed skyward. He could not help himself now; her nipples hardening under his touch made the last vestiges of willpower vanish. Pressing her against the shower wall, he moved into a long, open-mouthed kiss, her wet naked body pressing up against his, maneuvering his thigh between her legs, feeling her involuntarily rubbing herself on his leg as he did so.  



Suddenly, she vanished, and Slash found himself against the cool side of the shower, a pair of soft but strong hands on his back.  



_My turn,_ she whispered, reaching around his body and roaming her fingers over his hard chest, pressing against him tightly from behind, her soft, wet breasts rubbing on his back.  



"Gardevoir, if you keep this up..."  



_Oh, so it's okay for you to tease me, but not for me to do this?_ Her hand slipped down and gripped his hardness tightly, just barely moving her hand on his shaft. _I wouldn't call that fair. You were trying to make me climax, weren't you? Naughty, naughty boy._  



Holding him tightly in a psychic-enhanced embrace, she began stroking him, rubbing herself furiously with a touch of telekinesis. He stopped struggling and leaned back into her, silently willing her to move her hand faster. She pistoned her hand on his erection until he was just on the cusp of orgasm, then released him.  



"Gardevoir, please...I'm so close..."  



She turned him around to face her, a playful, impish smile on her face. Slash would come to love this part of her, the extremely sensual facet of her personality that seemed to emerge when she was sufficiently teased and turned on.  



_Then take me._  



His mind a cloud of lust, he tackled her, pressing her back against the side of the shower, lifting one of her legs in his hand. He pushed forward wildly, the head of his erection skating over the wet slickness of her thighs and belly before finding its target, sinking into that deliciously hot hollow.  



She wrapped her arms and legs around him, held up without a trace of psychic power...but only by Slash's strong arms and long, slow thrusts into her. Holding on tightly for the ride, she let go of her control and cried out loudly and freely as he dove into her over and over, plunging into her to the hilt, groaning in pleasure at the feel of her tight heat pulsing wildly around him.  



They didn't last long; within minutes they were slamming their wet flesh together hard and fast, the clapping of their bodies echoing through the bathroom. Slash gripped her buttocks tightly and pushed forward, penetrating her as deeply as possible, filling her full of hot cum. She climaxed almost immediately afterwards, squeezing down on him hard and spilling her own silky cream around his shaft.  



The two stayed pressed together and connected while the hot water of the shower washed away the juices that leaked out of them, and then hesitantly withdrew, their arousal only partly sated.  



"Need you...now..." Slash panted, still hard and still wanting to join with her completely.  



_Let's...hurry up and do it, then..._  



The two quickly got out of the shower and toweled each other off, their hands taking not-so-subtle liberties as they did so. They nearly ran out into the bedroom, both still stark naked. Gardevoir stopped at the edge of the bed, trying to center her mind and cut through her own electric desire.  



_We need to...we have to do the ritual first._  



"Okay...tell me how."  



_Come into bed with me._  



The two scrambled onto the soft blankets, and Gardevoir motioned for him to sit in front of her, legs folded under their bodies.  



_Take my hands._  



He reached over, linking hands and fingers together with the beautiful creature. Something that felt like a shock ran through his wrists and up his arms, diffusing into a pleasant heat that spread throughout his body. When he looked at Gardevoir, he saw her closing her eyes dreamily.  



_Now...just focus on me. Focus on your feelings for me. Don't worry about anything else._  



Nodding, Slash started to close his eyes too, but instead found himself staring at her loveliness. Underneath the light of the full moon streaming through the open window, her silver skin seemed to...to luminesce, glowing with a light of its own. His breath caught in his chest at the sight; she no longer _looked_ like an angel; she _was_ an angel, a perfect and divine thing of resplendent beauty, shining in the darkness like a beacon that drew his eyes to her and locked them to her irrevocably, eternally.  



"Psymakio, I...I..."  



_Now...delve into our bond. Find my heart. Envision connecting to it with a thread of your own heart, tying us together..._  



Trying to obey, he shook off the sight of her glowing before him, but even when he closed his eyes there was a faint trace of a silver, lustrous aura around her mental presence. Ignoring it as best he could, he searched throughout his lover's spirit, seeking through the webs of love and kindness and...everything...that made up her soul.  



There it was, shining inside of her. A heart of purest white, even more splendid than the color of her skin under the moon's kiss. He moved to it and touched it, feeling his entire being tremble with heat as he did so. He visualized his own heart, the source of his feelings for her, and cast a thread of it forward. At the same time, Gardevoir threw her own, and the two threads met in mid-bond and wrapped around each other. The gossamer-thin line seemed to sparkle for a moment, and then something...different...flowed into him, flowed into her, and something...changed. He could see things that he couldn't before, faint traces of thoughts and feelings and energies that were in the air; he could not view them clearly, but even as mere shadowy afterimages, it was still so damned _vivid_...  



As he opened his physical eyes, he saw Gardevoir staring at him, almost expressionless. He realized that she was reading him, all of him, even parts of him that neither knew was there. She could see all of his fantasies, all of his hopes and dreams and wants and fears and...she wasn't in the least bit repelled.  



_Master...so this is you...the real you...you're so..._  



"Yeah?"  



_...you're...like sunset. Or sunrise. I can't tell which. A subtle mix of light and dark. But it's not frightening...it's...it's almost haunting in its beauty..._  



"When I look into you, I see something bright, something...shining. Like the moonlight, but...more beautiful. More perfect."  



The two stared at each other for a long moment, admiring each other. _This_ was supposed to be a sin? An abomination? Such arrogance, such blindness...this was something perfect, something...forever. More unbelievable still, Slash sensed that it was something humans were capable of with each other, or at least were at one time. However, the knowledge of such a connection, of such love for each other, had been lost to his people, lost due to paranoia and hatred and cowardice.  



"Is it done?"  



_Almost. We need to...to make love. And while we're doing it, we need to connect the last part of ourselves, the sacred part, at the exact sacred moment._  



"I don't think I get what you mean."  



_When two people make love, there's a point...when they climax together...where the barrier between the physical and the mental and...and eternity...is open. It's the source of closeness, of wordless, almost indescribable love that we feel when we make love and that happens. For a brief second, we and...everything else...are joined. The final part of the bond is making that brief moment permanent._  



Slash understood; he remembered the feeling of climaxing together, the way that they were connected beyond words, beyond thought. It was something far more substantial than science or physics or biology...it just...was.  



"So we join our bonds when that happens, right? And then what?"  



_Then we will be joined fully. The last threads of our bond will wrap together, and we will be one. My lifespan will be tied to yours, and...well, I know that you can't comprehend how the bond can be any stronger, but trust me, it will be._  



There was a moment of silence as the two absorbed the gravity of this action, and then Slash gently, carefully was moving Gardevoir down into the soft blankets, laying his body on top of her, hands still linked, covering her with kisses. She moaned happily, arching her long body into him, tingling at the feel of his hardness rubbing on her slippery flesh and grinding on her sensitive nub.  



"Be mine," he whisper huskily, prodding insistently between her legs, trying to find her opening without releasing her hands.  



_I'm yours,_ she replied, shifting her hips to guide him into her. He found the tight entrance and pushed forward slowly, making his way deep into her wet folds and tight walls. She kissed him passionately, rubbing her breasts against him, squeezing his hands as he moved within her. Despite being so small and tight, he slid effortlessly through her passage as she dripped hot juices to help him along; she whimpered at the feel of his thickness stretching her apart again, and despite no longer being a virgin, she felt like he was filling her even more than their first time.  



Climax approached, and the two locked eyes and hands as they began to ride each other to orgasm; right as their pleasure peaked, they connected their bonds fully, opening their hearts as widely as possible, and suddenly there was a flash of blinding light, something a hundred times more intense than simple physical fulfillment. For a brief moment they were one, not just with each other, but with the universe and everything good and just within it; then the light faded, and while they no longer had that kind of closeness with the world, they had something similar with each other.  



And there was still the simple, infinitely intricate way that fiery red met icy blue.  



Slash collapsed breathlessly atop of Gardevoir, bodies still linked, their cum mingling together as they milked the last of each other's climaxes with gentle strokes and tight pulses. They had no energy to kiss, or even to speak; they simply lay together, bodies and hearts as one. And as they faded into blessed sleep, there was nothing in their minds but the sight of radiant moonlit skin, the feeling of a strong, eternal embrace...and the shimmering, unbreakable thread that connected them together.  



-------------------------------------  



**End of Arc 1**  



To be continued. :3