
**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.


Along with the first rays of sunlight that slipped through the window came the first rays of something even more beautiful.  



Gardevoir had believed that yesterday's waking was the most wonderful sensation in the world. Moving from contented dreams to waking in her mate's arms, feeling his body intertwined with hers, memories of kisses and caresses and lovemaking fresh in her mind...how could anything possibly be better than that?  



Well, regardless of how it was possible, it apparently was so.  



She was aware of the feeling even before she awoke, a sort of lightly-colored red tinge had colored her mental void and shaded the dreams that fluttered about within her. On closer inspection, she realized that the strange coloring was not red, but pink...a soft, soothing pink that shone from everywhere and nowhere, bathing her mind in color and changing the light spilling from under her doors to a rosy glow.  



As she began to awaken, it became clear that the pink tinge was not just some mere decoration-change for her mind. Nor was it the confused vestiges of a battle-exhausted mind's dreams. The pink had an actual emotional presence, even in waking, something that she could easily pick up with her progging...and while unidentified foreign emotions had always frightened her, this glow gave her nothing but happy images and pleasant suggestions...suggestions that seemed to imply a sort of half-sentience and knowledge about herself.  



_Awaken. See him. Go to him. Embrace him. Kiss him. Awaken him with your touch. Love him. Cherish him. Be loved and cherished by him. Be happy. Feel safe. Feel strong. Feel loved._  



It _was_ a suggestion, not a demand; if it had been an order that this strange presence was giving to her, she would almost certainly have refused, even if the orders were apparently benevolent. But since it was phrased to her in soft, pleasant-sounding whispers, and since the glow felt so...right...she decided to go ahead and do what the 'voice' proposed.  



And yes, even though she did not awaken in Slash's arms, Gardevoir still felt as happy and fulfilled as she had the morning previous, bathed in her mate's mental presence and scent.  



She sat up slowly, pleased to find the pain from last night's battle reduced to a mere, tolerable soreness in her muscles. The external injuries she'd received from the final blow were completely healed, the Blissey therapy leaving her skin unmarred by scars---not that Slash would be any less attracted to her even if there were some lasting marks. Besides, she'd certainly have some scars by the time their troubles were over, so she shouldn't care about that sort of thing.  



Strangely, she did not feel any of the usual worry and depression that normally came when she considered the turbulent path ahead of them; the pink glow, which remained even in waking (although its rosy coloring presence in her vision had vanished), seemed to cancel it out by replaying little whispers and visions of the kiss that had occurred here seemingly ages ago...the long, passionate kiss that a virgin Slash had shared with an even more virginal Kirlia.  



Gardevoir wasn't even frightened when she didn't immediately see her mate in the room. She simply relaxed and listened; sure enough, she heard his soft breaths close by. She leaned over the side of the bed and saw Slash sleeping; he had dragged the low-to-the-ground cot (and his stuffed Teddiursa) over to her bedside sometime during the night. Judging from the amount of his mental residue in the clinic, he had never left her bedside.  



_Silly, lovely boy,_ she whispered, teleporting out of bed and by his side. The glow's insistence was stronger than ever now, and yet it still did not feel like a command---when it whisper-suggested that she kiss him, she had no qualms over agreeing.  



She let her lips brush against his cheek; as much as she wanted to wake him and see his brilliant blue eyes soften at the sight of her, she preferred to watch him sleep for a bit, unconsciously keeping the same kind of vigil that he had kept for her the night prior. As she looked over his sleeping form and saw the battered old toy under his arm, she smiled to herself and gently pulled it away.  



_That's my spot now,_ she told it, replacing it in her mate's backpack. _Besides, if someone came in here and saw Slash with you, he'd be rather embarrassed._  



Again, the thought that naturally followed---that things would be a lot worse than embarrassment if someone came in and saw _her_ with Slash---did not distress her this morning. The glow whispered that they would not be bothered, that it would keep watch. As nonsensical as this sounded, she was almost helpless to disbelieve it. There was no way that something which felt so...so right...could be deceiving her.  



Gardevoir leaned into the cot, slipping under Slash's arm and resting against his chest. This was indeed her spot now. Her place. Her mate. It felt so good to be able to _know_ these things, rather than just imagining them. The fantasies had been sweet, but they were nothing compared to the reality of hearing her mate's breathing, feeling his warm body under her cheek, smiling when his free hand instinctively moved to her back. Heaven could not be this sweet.  



Even in sleep, he was thinking of her, and that warmed her further. Her mate was so perfect. He'd stayed by her side all night when she was injured, keep watch and worrying. Even though she could not give him children (again, amazingly, not even this somber thought depressed her), he would be a good father if she could.  



_Do not underestimate the power of magic, child. But for now...feel him wake. He comes out of the dream world to be with you. Love him. Cherish him. Show him your love._  



Indeed, she felt his mind slowly cycle towards waking, her movements and light weight having jostled him, and while she had hoped to rest in his sleeping embrace for a little while longer, her heart was beaming at the thought of being here to kiss him awake again. It was part of the slightly selfish side to love---I want to be the first thing you think about when you wake up and the last thing you think about when you go to sleep---but that's a fairly healthy desire to have...a desire that mates, both Pokemon and human, always share.  



Seemingly out of the blue (or perhaps the pink had more to do with it), a rhyme seemed to flare up in her mind, one that Slash had taught to her during their reading session a couple days prior...one that she had found particularly lovely.  



She framed his face with her hands, brushing aside a lock of raven's-wing hair, and whispered into his sleeping mind.  



_Sun is rising, my heart is soaring, at the first sunlight I see this morning. Sometimes you're near, sometimes you're far, but on this morning..._  



She leaned close and kissed him softly, heart lighting up as his icy blue eyes fluttered open.  



_...on this morning, you're in my arms. Good morning, master._  



Slash was trying to reply when his sleep-muddled mind registered the warm lips still pressing against him. For a moment the morning seemed like a repeat of the previous morning---waking in his mate's arms, waking to a kiss, waking feeling more content than he had ever felt before---and then he discarded the pondering in favor of the lips pressing against his, their bond flowing freely between them like a river of moonlight.  



...or rather, moonlight with a tinge of pink.  



As the pair broke their kiss and caught their breath, Slash considered the appearance of the bond. Yes, it was...different. More lovely, somehow. It wasn't anything from the bond itself, though...rather, some external force was affecting it, modifying it. And, like Gardevoir, he instinctively sensed that this outside control was nothing malevolent (not even frighteningly ambiguous like the Interloper). Rather, it was warm...caring...compassionate.  



He studied her peaceful face and smiled at her healed body and welcoming eyes. "Good morning, Psymakio. You look...absolutely radiant this morning.  



Gardevoir's smile widened and she blushed prettily. _Silly master, I don't look any different._  



"I know. But you still look radiant. You always do." He gestured to the empty room. "Do you feel that too? That...color?"  



_The pink? Yes, I feel it. It's lovely, isn't it? It makes everything feel...somehow better than usual._  



"Yeah. It reminds me of grapefruits."  



She cocked her head. _What is a grapefruits?_  



Slash smiled at the adorable creature in his arms, and then responded slyly, "Oh, a fruit from down south...pink...juicy...delicious...in fact, I wish I could taste some right now."  



When she didn't grasp the pun right away, a quick telepathic clarification had Gardevoir's faint green blush turning radioactive. Managing to keep eye contact and trying her best not to shy away, she replied in a quiet and seductive voice, _if we were somewhere where we knew we would not be interrupted, master...well, I think that making love would be even more wonderful with this aura about us._  



"Maybe we'll find somewhere private later today and find out." He gently cupped her breast and kissed her softly. "Do you have any idea what this...pink...is, exactly? I'm sensing it, even with my watered-down mind...but I can't pinpoint anything specific about it or its source."  



_I'm not quite sure what it is. It appeared sometime earlier tonight, I think. When I shifted from unconsciousness to normal sleep, it was very faint, much fainter than it is now. It's been holding growing in strength all night, but it's been steady at this level for an hour now. It feels sort of...alive to me. It's sentient, or almost so. And I sense that whatever it is, it's fundamentally good. Entrenched in love and magnifying it. It's---_  



"I got it!" Slash exclaimed, surprised at his own forgetfulness. He'd had more important things to consider over the past couple weeks---hunting a half-human monster, taking a mate, and waging a Gym battle with the Master of Thunder, for example---but still! To forget this day was a sign of just how stressed matters had been lately. "It's Valentine's Day. Ha, I can't believe I forgot about it and didn't realize what was happening until now! At least we're lucky enough to be in Mauville today...I've never been on the route on Valentine's..."  



Gardevoir looked up at him curiously. _What is Valentine's Day, master? Something good?_  



"It's something great! It's a special day of celebration for love and friendship...it's celebrated everywhere, to some extent, but the big festivals occur along the Luvdisc routes, like Mauville. Oldale isn't on the route, sadly."  



_Luvdisc?_  



"They're a special kind of Pokemon...little fish that are supposed to bring love and happiness wherever they go. The story goes that a pair of Luvdiscs find two lonely swimmers and guide them to each other, and that a couple brought together by the Pokemon will have good luck and a strong bond. I wasn't sure if that stuff was true, but...well, they migrate from the northern lakes and rivers to the southern seas each fall to breed, and they stop at lakes along the way to rest, which is where the biggest festivals are held. And since this pink glow literally showed up overnight, at the same time as some of the schools arrive here, I'd wager that the Luvdiscs that are responsible for it."  



Gardevoir smiled prettily at the thought of little love-messengers traveling the waterways of Hoenn. It sounded like something this miserable land truly needed. And yes, the psychic signature of the "pink glow" was absolutely pouring off love and happiness, so...  



_It's possible. Likely, in fact. Oh, that's so neat, master! What happens at the festivals? Can we stay for it? Please?_  



Slash hugged her tightly and laughed. "We may as well put off leaving for one more day. I don't think we could bear to travel away from such a pleasant aura, especially considering how hard the road ahead is going to be. Besides..."  



Gardevoir sensed a burst of excitement in her mate---a burst of **frisky** excitement. _Yes?_  



"Well, at the festivals, couples---and friends, so we'll have some cover---spend time by the lakesides, talking and barbecuing and go swimming with the Luvdiscs...which means that you'll need to get something else to wear. You can't swim in a dress, after all."  



_What do I swim in, master?_  



Slash's excitement grew. "I'm sure we'll find something for you. Come on, sweetheart...let's get out of here and go shopping."  



-----------------  



At a local clothing store a half hour later, as the crowds were already showing up at the lakeside just south of Mauville where a mighty large school of the fish had gathered, Gardevoir was refusing to come out of the dressing room.  



"Come on out, Psymakio! Let me see how you look."  



_N-no way! Everyone would see me!_  



"I thought Pokemon weren't bothered by that kind of thing?"  



_We're not! But since we...you know, mated...and since I wore that pink thing that Watson gave us...I don't want anyone else to see me like that!_  



Slash couldn't help but grin. This was wonderful. She was getting _flustered_. He **loved** when she got flustered. Realizing that his talk was about to tread on the forbidden (although the only one around to hear it was the clerk at the other side of the store), he switched to mental communication.  



**That was different, Psymakio. That kind of clothing is MEANT to be sexual and naughty. A bikini is just swimwear that happens to be a bit...revealing. I won't be wearing much when we're swimming, either.**  



_Yes, but you don't have...things to conceal!_  



**Oh yes I do, if I don't want to get arrested! But the point is, no one will think of you like that. And if they do, they certainly won't show it or mention it, you know that. Besides, lots of girls will be lakeside today wearing stuff a lot smaller than what you picked out, and they'll keep the male eyes occupied. I'll be the only one enjoying the view of you. So come on...please let me see?**  



There was a long moment of hesitation from Gardevoir that Slash found absolutely delightful. He could almost see the look on her face through the dressing room door---biting her lower lip, eyes darting downward, simultaneously wanting to hide and to please him with her body. He supposed it might be a little mean to enjoy her reaction, the way she blushed a furious green and looked away when she was embarrassed, but it was just too adorable to resist. And it's not like she didn't tease him, after all, and both of them always ended up enjoying it.  



_Okay...but promise me that you won't laugh._  



**I'll be too excited to laugh, Psymakio. I promise.**  



_Well...alright..._  



Gardevoir slowly opened the door, staying inside the small dressing room to avoid as much exposure as possible, and indeed...Slash did not laugh. He _could not_ laugh, as laughing would require blood going to his brain and lungs, and all the blood flow was responding to an urgent increase in demand somewhere below the waist.  



The silver girl look absolutely stunning, managing to capture the essences of quiet beauty and blazing sexiness at the same time. Her natural clothing was folded over one bare arm. Her skin was covered---although not by much---by a pair of small pink pieces that were just barely large enough to be classified as clothing. The top piece left a good deal of the tops and sides of her soft swells visible; the mirror behind her showed that the lower piece was no less revealing for her small bottom.  



Slash had argued to her that a bikini was not an inherently sexual article of clothing, but this particular suit certainly seemed to be made for the express purpose of drawing his eyes to her figure. Even dry, it clung to her form quite nicely...when wet it would be like a second skin. His eyes roamed freely over her body, taking note of how easy it would be to slip his hands under the small suit; Gardevoir clearly didn't miss his gaze or the mental signature he was giving off, judging from the hard points under her top and the way the slim strip of fabric between her legs seemed to dampen. She idly shifted her legs a bit and suddenly tensed.  



**What is it, Gardevoir?** Slash asked, catching the sudden flare of arousal over their bond.  



_I...it's just...the fabric is rubbing against my...oh, master, I don't know if I can even walk in this silly thing without being driven crazy! It's right where it needs not to be!_  



**You'll get used to it. You've just never worn anything that tight before.**  



_Oh, I think it's worse than that!_ She shifted a bit again and whimpered. When she tried to use a touch of telepathy to pull the suit away from her, briefly exposing a flash of arousal-wet labia, it was too much for Slash to resist. He made his move before she could react, slipping phantom fingers under the suit and onto the slick skin. Gardevoir fell back against the dressing room's bench, stifling a cry.  



_Master, what are you...we can't...people here!_  



**There's only one person here, and the clerk can't see me---or the dressing room---from where he is. And the...the glow assures me that he won't come over here while I'm doing this.**  



He wasn't sure how he knew this to be true, but he was certain. The strange and lovely aura that hung over Mauville today brought with it miracles and good luck for all lovers---it was not an entirely impassive observer. Still, Slash took a few steps and glanced over to the counter, and sure enough the clerk had engrossed himself in a magazine---a magazine that would likely inspire a similar reaction to Slash's, and thus the man was not likely to come out from behind the counter anytime soon.  



Slash looked at his mate's questioning flushed face with a smile, still manipulating her with his psychic touch, his body otherwise appearing perfectly innocent---the towel he had wrapped around his waist hid the obvious signs of his actions. He could feel what his 'fingers' were touching, and he was rock hard at the sensation of her vulva under his touch. He slid a finger up her slit, gently rubbing at the exposed nub of sensitive flesh. She cried out over their bond as he caught her clit between two fingers and carefully massaged it with her own wetness, gripping just tightly enough to drive her mad with longing.  



**It's fine, don't worry. Just sit back and let me do this. If for nothing else, we can find out if I can get you off without even touching you.**  



Unable to form any logical arguments against this---or any arguments at all---Gardevoir parted her legs wider, allowing the phantom fingers better access. She locked eyes with Slash and let out a quiet sigh of pleasure, unbelievably turned on despite the public nature of this encounter. The pink glow was whispering to her as well, assuring her and urging her on; the voice's soft and maddeningly convincing words echoed through her mind as the fingertips stroked between her thighs.  



_Relax. Let your mate please you. We will protect you. Surrender to his love._  



(_Magic,_) she thought to herself as her hips jerked back and forth on the invisible fingers that were now finding her entrance, penetrating her, thrusting into her tight heat and rubbing at the sensitive spots inside. (_This is magic..._)  



_M-master, I am not going to last much longer! I can't cum in these clothes!_  



Slash nodded and stepped into the room, closing the door behind him. As tempting as it was to simply pull his pants down and plunge into her to finish her off, making love in a public place was simply too risky---glow or no glow. Still, he could not help getting a taste of her. He knelt down and pulled the bottom piece of her bikini down her to her ankles, looking on in fascination as her vulva moved and trembled under his unseen touch, invisible trails of wetness tracing over her skin. He ducked between her thighs and put his lips to her, dispensing with the usual foreplay entirely, plunging his tongue into the spasming tunnel and lapping at the special place that drove her wild, licking up her sweet vanilla arousal.  



She climaxed almost instantly, her embarrassment over finishing so quickly being washed away by the sheer sweetness of it. Something deep inside her mind, something much more primal than sex, seemed to tremble at the sensation and knowledge of her mate licking up her cum, tasting her, drinking her, willingly giving her pleasure without any thought for himself. She had a good mate, one who loved her deeply and would never leave her.  



After she caught her breath and regained a bit of her senses, she turned around and presented herself to him, her instinctual desire to submit to her mate overriding her logical worry about making love in such a public place.  



Slash looked down at her spread legs, cock rock hard and aching at the sight of her slicked vulva and tight anus, desperate to plunge into her and have his own quick and intense release. She'd let him, and eagerly; that was how her kind operated. But the pink glow's tone had changed now, urging him to use caution.  



_The magic can't last forever. There are forces stronger than magic, and those forces hover around you like carrion birds. When the magic grows weak, they may strike and defeat it. Wait. Be patient. Another time will come. You are a good mate, and we will grant you all the magic we can when the time is right. Give us time. Wait._  



"Psymakio..." Slash whispered in a frustrated tone, his mind almost mad with desire, the aura just barely holding him back. "We shouldn't. Not here, not now. The...our magic is fading."  



She looked at him over her shoulder, confusion on her pretty face. _But you want me, don't you? I can feel it. I'm yours. All yours. Have me, use me, claim me. Let me show you how much I love you._  



He leaned close and kissed her lips---not in wanton lust, but a sweet and romantic kiss that gently nudged her out of her lust-induced submissiveness. "I'll be glad to have you any way you'd like...when we're safe. We're pushing our luck here and you---and the glow---know it."  



Gardevoir's face turned almost sorrowful and ashamed. _But you haven't received your own release, even after pleasing me! What kind of mate am I if I ignore you like that?_  



Another gentle kiss, combined with the glow's assuring pulses, had her calm down before reaching tears. Her instincts were powerful things, and he knew he had to be careful with dealing with them. It was easy for her to mistake a refusal of risk for a refusal of her.  



"You're a good mate for it, my love. Our safety comes before everything. I would never ask of you if we are in danger. And right now...we should err on the side of caution. Alright, beautiful?"  



She nodded, sitting down and pulling her bathing suit back on. _Alright, master. Sorry that I got all...insistent in my submission._  



Slash smiled at the odd irony of that description. "It's fine. And hey, if we're ever somewhere safe and I still decline, you have my permission to tie me up and have your way with me anyway."  



He'd meant it as a joke, but Gardevoir blushed brightly and looked away---the flustered look that didn't mean she was repelled, but merely that she didn't know how to react to something sexual.  



"Is that interest that I see in you?", he asked with a grin. She shook her head, but the bond clearly radiated with...curiosity. "Maybe you'd prefer to be the restrained? Submission and all? Or maybe we could switch off every so often, and---"  



_Master! We just barely pulled ourselves back from our arousal, and already you're...starting me up again!_  



Slash nodded sagely. "Yes, I see what you mean. Well, let's put that out of our minds...for now. Let's go check out the festival. I'm sure you'll love it."  



Gardevoir chirped happily in agreement, and the two carefully cleaned up and went to the counter to make their purchases from a rather red-faced clerk who just barely succeeded in hiding his...reading material...under the desk.  



The two walked out of the store, and Gardevoir instantly grasped her mate's wrist and teleported. Slash found himself on the rooftop with his Pokemon, who instantly leaned against an air conditioning box and presented herself once more.  



_I'm not taking no for an answer, master._  



Stunned by her sudden flare of demand, Slash stammered, not sure if he wanted to convince her to take her bikini off or to teleport them back to the ground. The pink glow seemed to consider him for a moment, then gave a sort of "you're on your own" response. He looked around, making sure that no one on the ground could see them, and then turned to Gardevoir.  



"Turn around, then...I have a compromise."  



She stood back up, cheeks flushed and breaths quick, ruby eyes glaring at him with lust. _Yes, master?_  



"We can't make love out here. Especially not outside, and with the magic not protecting us. But...if you really want to please me...I guess we could do something quick..."  



She scanned his wandering thoughts and smiled, licking her lips. _You could have asked earlier, you know. You know I don't mind._  



"I know, but...the glow isn't protecting us right now. We'll have to be quick."  



_Alright, it'll be quick. I know exactly how to make you smile, master._  



Slash exhaled heavily, sitting on the roof and pulling his erection out. Gardevoir looked at the hard flesh and shivered, her mouth watering. If doing this for a boy felt half as good to them as being licked felt to her, she would have no problem sacrificing lovemaking for this particular method of pleasing her master.  



Carefully kneeling down, she wasted no time in wrapping her wet lips around the thick shaft and taking him into her mouth, her tongue running over the sensitive underside. Slash was jolting with pleasure immediately, strong fingers plunging into her short hair, and she picked up the pace. He wouldn't last long if she didn't want him to; she could feel exactly what her mate did, and knew exactly which licks, sucks, and touches turned him on.  



Bobbing faster, letting herself coat his cock with a good amount of slippery saliva, she brought her lips down to his hilt, carefully sinking the entire length in her throat. For a moment she stayed like that, tending to his sex with nothing more than licking around the base and swallowing around his erection. The latter was all it took, and she finished him quickly, the warm wet muscle of her throat milking his hot cum into her. She withdrew slowly, licking every little bit of cum as she did, finally releasing him from her mouth with a wet suck.  



Gardevoir looked on her panting, sated mate with feral glee, taking extreme satisfaction at the sight of her saliva coating his spent cock. (_That's me on him. Me. I gave him this pleasure. I made my mate climax in my mouth. I made him shoot his hot cum into me without having to make love to him. He's happy._)  



Slash looked up and gave her an exhausted smile, and the wild possessiveness and euphoria settled into a simple, bursting love for her master. She pulled him to his feet, heart fluttering when he put his satiated cock away (with a last _I did that_ to herself), and the pair linked hands.  



_You feeling better now?_  



"Oh yeah, that was...amazing. You really are the best at that..."  



_Well, if you get to taste me, I have to return the favor. Maybe we'll taste each other again today._  



Slash grinned and kissed her cheek. "Come on, you naughty girl. Let's go take a swim before you set that suit on fire with your horniness."  



--------------------------------  



The festival was in full swing by the time the pair arrived at the lakeside.  



It was almost like a beach party...bikini-clad girls playing volleyball and attracting the attention of the bare-chested males (Gardevoir saw that Slash had been correct---many of the girls had much smaller suits on, even girls with more to cover than her), hot dogs and hamburgers being grilled over open fire pits and filling the air with the delicious smell of roasting meat, children playing on the shore, making mud castles instead of sand castles.  



The atmosphere was not merely festive, though---it was pleasant, loving, romantic. This was a day for love of all kinds. The children playing by the waterline were being watched by parents who were holding hands and cuddling for the first time in months, finally having a free moment of peace and relaxation.  



The typical male-female flirtation attempts were still in swing, but there was much less of a sexual atmosphere. Today the guys weren't trying to get the girls to sneak off with them to an abandoned boathouse, they were trying to get them to take a walk with them down the shore and get to know each other through the lost art of conversation. Girls found their hands being groped more than their bodies. Oh, the play might come later, but the primary objective had, at least for today, changed from conquest to companionship.  



There were a few groups of gay couples out, as well; they tried to look like nothing more than friends out for a day at the lake, but Gardevoir could easily sense the way that the pink aura swirled around them. On any other day, they might not have risked being seen as romantically involved, but today was just too beautiful to ignore, and they were left alone, perhaps unseen by the crowds, protected by the same magic that protected her and her mate earlier.  



Looking at all the happiness and romance around him, Slash wondered if maybe, just maybe, there was hope for the world. Maybe they were only acting this way because of the Luvdiscs' combined aura, but didn't this display prove that it was at least _possible_ for everyone to get along, even if it had to rely on magic to do so?  



All his life, Slash had felt that humanity lacked something, that their hatred and intolerance stemmed not from some dark attribute they'd gained, but from some positive attribute that they'd lost. Could it be that the world could somehow get it back? Is this what the world would be like if it was indeed possible? Hell, there were no drunks out today, no breast-molesting college boys, no fist fights over girls. Some of the same-sex couples actually dared to hold hands out here, and none of them were being pestered. His mate was more relaxed and happy now than he'd ever sensed her---all the emotions she was sensing were positive ones, with not a single dark thought to worry her. It was more than the glowing happiness that she always felt after having made him happy...it was something divinely beautiful.  



Could this really be what humanity once had?  



Could this really be what humanity could have once again?  



And how did these seemingly unimportant little Pokemon bring about this glimpse into the magic?  



"I don't understand it, Psymakio."  



Gardevoir turned to him, licking her snowcone and smiling. _Understand what?_  



Slash gestured to the countless pink, heart-shaped fish that swam throughout the lake. "The Luvdiscs. How can they influence humans so much? They're not Psychics. They're not particularly powerful---in fact, they're pretty lousy in battle. How do they wield this much power?"  



She considered. _Well, not every Pokemon can be quantified by a set of rules that humans can understand. I know that people like to chart Pokemon, record their power levels and judge their development and abilities, but some Pokemon---maybe all Pokemon---have unique abilities that man can never explain. It's just...part of us. Our bond, for instance...almost all Psychic Pokemon can bond with their trainers on some level, but the emotional bond that we share is unique to my kind. It's not quantifiable, and only slightly useful in battle, but it's inarguably real, right?_  



Slash nodded. "It most certainly is. It's completely changed my life."  



_And just because a Pokemon isn't powerful in battle doesn't mean that they have no powerful abilities...some of their abilities just seem useless to humans because they don't help out in a fight. I mean, what use would a love-inducing fish be to a trainer?_  



She looked at the schools of Luvdisc, her heart warmed by the enormous amount of soft pink energy they were giving off. _They're special. In a way that humans can't explain...and in a way even I can't explain...they're special. Why question how it's possible when you can just enjoy it?_  



She turned to see her mate considering her words silently. His dark heart, which had been unusually weak today (probably due to the pink glow and her stress-relieving earlier), was becoming completely invisible now, overwhelmed by the light. This pleased her even more than the Luvdiscs' aura did; her master was right to worry about the state of the world and those in it, yes...but now, for the first time since she'd known him, with the exception for their spiritual mating, Slash was completely letting go of his worry and anger toward the world.  



Her mate turned to her, thankful for her help in clearing his conscience, even if only for today, and she could feel that he was aching to kiss her. While they could not do so out here, and a mental kiss would be insufficient to get his point across, Gardevoir perfectly understood the feeling that he was sending to her.  



Benefits of the bond.  



_I love you, Slash._  



The sunny grin that broke out on his face at the sound of her using his name made her absolutely helpless to return it.  



**I love you too, Psymakio.**  



The two didn't join hands, but their spirits---something more than their minds and their bond---did do something equivalent to it. As they headed into the water, the Luvdisc seemed to sense this, a great deal of them turning to look at the couple. They saw what no human could---the love that flowed between them, an odd mix of sunset and silver that exuded an invisible pink glow that was somehow far more brilliant than theirs---and a few of the more older and more powerful Luvdiscs had an odd thought flow through their minds:  



_They return! They return to reclaim the lands and restore the light! Hail the Sunset Prince and the Moonlight Princess, hail the great King, the royalty has returned!_  



---------------------  



Swimming with the Luvdisc was thoroughly enjoyable. The fish tended to travel in pairs, with all but the youngest of the Pokemon already mated, and these couples would often seek out a specific human couple and swim with them for the day. Sometimes pairs would split up and seek solitary swimmers, leading them to each other and watching what ensued. While not every Luvdisc-guided meeting resulted in fireworks, the majority certainly did, and no pairing ever ended badly---at the worst, the two would talk for some length of time, usually ending up becoming fast friends ever after.  



Slash and Gardevoir found themselves approached by dozens of pairs of the fish, but all merely came in close, apparently just observing, and then moved off. It would have been disconcerting if it hadn't been for the way that the pink glow intensified when the fish came in for a look. When a pair finally did join them, what followed was not something either of the mates expected.  



_Hello!_ Gardevoir greeted cheerfully, and Slash waved, ready to be left out of another Pokemon-to-Pokemon conversation.  



(Hello, Gardevoir. Hello, human.)  



Slash jumped, startling his mate and making the fish swim back a few feet. What in the hell?  



_Master, what's wrong?_  



"I...I think I just heard...them!" He gestured to the fish. "Is that possible? Something from the pink glow, or our bond?"  



_It's probably due to our bond, although the glow might be enhancing it. I told you that such a thing might be possible someday, remember? Try speaking to the Luvdisc through your mind instead of audibly._  



"Alright..." Slash looked at the confused fish and focused. **Can you hear me, either of you?**  



No response. He focused harder. **Uh...Luvdiscs? Can you understand me?**  



Again, nothing. Gardevoir tilted her head in thought, and then a possible solution came to her. _It might be that your communication ability isn't very advanced yet. You can hear them because they're speaking to me and you can read my mind. You can't speak to them, though, even through me---I'm a sort of relay for you, and I could listen to you and translate, but you can't use my own mind to talk to them. They also can't use me that way, as they're not telepaths._  



"Do you think I could talk to them someday? Or any Pokemon, for that matter?"  



_Maybe. Like I said, your ability isn't very advanced yet. It's just beginning to show itself. Have patience, master, and who knows what will happen?_  



(human, you can hear us through the girl, correct?)  



Slash turned to the fish and nodded hesitantly.  



(Try speaking to us audibly. Most Pokemon must spend time with their trainers for communication to develop, but our abilities are different than most. We bond with humans quite easily, and you are our \[....\], so communication is likely possible.)  



Ignoring his confusion at the strange and incomprehensible term that the Luvdisc used, Slash decided to try it. "Do you understand me now?"  



(Yes, I do.)  



(I do, as well).  



Gardevoir chirped happily. _Well, now that we can all speak to each other, even if the communication system is a little odd and relayed, what do you want to talk about, fishies?_  



The Luvdiscs swam close again, hovering in the water with their small fins. They were truly beautiful Pokemon, a brilliant shade of pink that perfectly matched the glow that covered Mauville. Maybe they were not Psychics, but they were _special_ in some way, for certain.  



(We have come to bless your mating, Gardevoir and human. You two are newly mated, are you not?)  



Slash nodded, carefully choosing his words since he had to speak them aloud---it would not do to be caught on Valentine's Day. "Yes. Only a couple nights ago. It was...really something."  



The Luvdisc's mate 'nodded', in the sense than a fish can nod---moving up and down in the water, looking rather silly. (I see. Your bond is incredibly strong for such a new couple. It must have begun developing even before the mating was consummated.)  



_We believe so. We shared dreams before I evolved into my current form, and my mate already has some...limited telekinesis._ Gardevoir flushed, remembering Slash's earlier application of it. _He is a human, and thus should not have any of such power even after mating, but...he is extraordinary._  



(Both of you are. Your combined aura is something amazing to see...sunset and silver. It is a combination that this world has not seen in a very, very long time.)  



Slash raised an eyebrow at that. "What do you mean?"  



(We...well, honestly, we are not quite sure. We produce this aura, human, but we do not _control_ it. It is not a true source of power, but more of...an enhancer. It combines with the traces of light in people and makes magic. We Luvdiscs sometimes see the effects of the aura, but it is only in random blurs, and sometimes the blurs are not from the present time.)  



_Does that mean you've seen an aura of silver and sunset together in the glow?_  



(Yes. And while we're not sure who, what, or when it comes from...we are certain that it is not you two who produced it. It's not a common combination of auras, not at all. Silver should only bond with silver, lest it be tainted, and sunset is almost always too unstable to bond with anyone. The fact that your bond not only exists, but is much more powerful than one would expect, makes us believe that the two of you are...something special. The others believe so, as well.)  



Slash and Gardevoir stood together silently, oblivious to the happy conversations of the crowds around them. Something about the Luvdisc's words...they touched a place in each of them that, while very deep down in their minds, still resonated with power and memory.  



(We're sorry to have confused you like this. We should be talking more about you, not our pink visions. The two of you are obviously very deeply in love...has it caused you any difficulty in the world of man?)  



Shaking off their weird sensations, Gardevoir nodded. _Yes. We have been fortunate to avoid any major trouble...but we were attacked once by thugs for no other reason than we 'looked romantic'. Other than that, we've been lucky._  



(I am sorry to hear about your trouble. The world of man has been tainted for some time, and it is only getting worse. It won't be much longer before our aura loses effectiveness, and one day it may not work at all. Have you two considered living in the world of Pokemon instead? You would be much safer amongst them, even with the predator-prey cycle. Consider this: me and my mate are both female, which is a taboo in the world of man...but among our kind, we are no different than the typical couple. That peace could be yours, if you allowed it.)  



Slash shook his head. "We've...talked about it. And while that may be a possibility someday...for now, we have something that we need to do. There is someone we need to stop. Something we need to find. And an army that we have to destroy."  



The Luvdiscs backed up a few inches, their small eyes wide. (Be careful, human. Your aura is unstable enough as it is. As a Sunset, you are particularly vulnerable to man's greatest folly---becoming what you seek to destroy. The urge to hate and to kill will call to you. You must use your love for the girl to counteract the suggestions of your own dark heart.)  



Gardevoir flinched at the Luvdisc's words---even the pink glow could not stop her from shivering at the thought of her precious mate being tainted and corrupted by darkness. _He is strong, friends. And he loves me. He will not lose himself. And neither will I._  



While the pair did not hold hands, their spirits interweaving told the Luvdiscs everything they needed to know about their resolve. (We understand. And we wish you luck in that regard.)  



(Enough serious talk,) her mate said suddenly. (I want to play. I did not come all these miles to be all serious all day.)  



Gardevoir smiled. _I agree. I want to have fun. Master?_  



Slash was a bit surprised at the sudden and complete shift from serious to playful in the three Pokemon, but Gardevoir's words echoed in his head---why question how it's possible when you can just enjoy it?  



Wise words.  



"Hell yeah. Let's have some fun."  



------------------  



That evening, as the sun was going down and people were returning to their homes (after a long day of swimming, barbecues, and an exciting volleyball game where Gardevoir almost lost her top and Slash almost passed out from a nosebleed), the two lovers were bidding farewell to 'their' Luvdiscs.  



"Thanks for hanging with us," Slash said, shivering a bit in the rapidly-chilling lake. The autumn day had been pleasantly warm, but the nights were getting chilly. "You showed me and my mate a very good time."  



_Yes, thank you. It is nice to know that we have friends out there, even if we may never see you again._  



The Luvdiscs shared a glance and smiled. (We will meet again, I am sure of it. We bring the glow up and down the waterways, lighting the world with a little bit of its former goodness as we go. We'll be back.)  



(Hey, should we show them?)  



(I suppose so. They need some time alone.)  



Slash gave the fish a curious look. "What are you talking about?"  



(There is a place nearby...a part of the lake that is isolated from the path man uses. It is a sort of isolated grotto where the water is always warm. You could...have some fun there?)  



Gardevoir couldn't help but flush; it was strange enough hearing sexual advice from Watson, but from a fish? _I...um...I'm not sure if---_  



"Show us, buddies," Slash said with a smile. "I owe my mate for something from earlier. We could use some privacy...somewhere that we could...take our time. No rushing through this time."  



Gardevoir's heart glowed at her mate's words; she had been fully satisfied with pleasing him before, but the idea of making love was always very, very welcome. The mere mention of spending time with him was making her heart begin to race.  



The fish 'nodded' and silently lead the pair to a small, unusually warm offshoot of the lake that curved into the wooded reaches and hid the lagoon from view. While the sun was going down, the moon would still be full enough to provide some adequate---and romantic---lighting.  



(Here you are. You will be safe and undisturbed here, magic or no...but enough of our glow will remain to give you some extra protection.)  



The pair nodded in thanks, and the Luvdisc began swimming back to join their school. (Farewell, you two. May you have safety and happiness all your life.)  



Once they were alone, Slash sat on the shallow incline near the lakeside and motioned Gardevoir to join him. She swam over, cheeks lightly flushed---from arousal rather than embarrassment---and sat in his lap, her soft bottom finding itself sitting on a familiar hardness, her nearly-bare back pressing against his chest. His arms wrapped around her body, holding her in a loving, cradling embrace.  



_This is so nice. The water is nice and warm, and I'm alone with you...oh, master, this is too wonderful for words._  



Slash laughed and pulled her closer, hands roaming over her flat belly. "I know. So, you had fun today?"  



_Oh yes, master, it was very enjoyable. The food, the fun, the swimming---I've never been able to swim without worry before!---it was wonderful! I didn't like almost having my top pop off, but luckily everyone was distracted by you getting hit in the face and weren't paying attention to me._  



"Your aim needs some work, Psymakio."  



_I said I was sorry, silly. Besides, you weren't hit that bad._  



"Yeah, I guess not."  



Slash kissed her neck and sighed happily at the way she melted into his embrace at the contact. "So, was there anything else you enjoyed today?" he asked, coinciding his question with a slow, hard stroke of his erection against her buttocks. She whimpered as one of his hands began moving higher, gently cupping one of her bikini-clad breasts; the other moved lower and gently rubbed at the fabric between her legs. He was not insistent; he did not try to cycle her up to orgasm immediately. His fingertips just barely massaged her vulva through the fabric, making her feel wonderful...but not overwhelmed. Not yet.  



_M-maybe..._ she whispered, laying her head back on his shoulder. She started to reach back to untie her top, but Slash gently caught her hand.  



"Keep it on, for now."  



The two lay together like this for several minutes. Whenever Gardevoir began to jerk her hips against his touch, he would slow down and let her come back down. The pink glow was receding as the Luvdiscs moved off, but there was more than enough left to leave the two mates feeling almost drunk in their love and pleasure.  



_Master?_  



"Yeah?"  



_I was wondering...did you really mean what you said to me before? That you'd live in the world of Pokemon with me if we didn't have such dire tasks to fulfill?_  



Slash stopped the motion of his fingers and kissed her shoulder. "Yes, I did. I know it would have its own difficulties...predators and weather and everything...but I would rather risk death than live in fear and concealment for our entire lives."  



_Really?_  



"Yes. If...when we manage to stop Team Aqua and Kiako...if we're still not able to be accepted by society...maybe that's what we'll do. You'd like that, right? Your dreams of having a den and spending your days with me without worrying about being found out?"  



Gardevoir smiled and nodded, her wet green hair brushing against Slash's chest and making him shiver. _When I was very young...my mother told me stories about an era where Pokemon lived together in the same manner as humans...entire societies and civilizations of Pokemon that spread across the world. One of her bedtime stories was about a small piece of that world being saved by the Grandfathers...a slice of paradise that was preserved, kept out of world and out of time. If such a place really existed..._  



"Do you think that it could? If there's one thing we humans have learned over the years, it's that the Pokemon world never has an end to its surprises."  



_Maybe. The magic may be gone from the world, but there are still traces of it left. The Pearls, Rotom, the Luvdiscs...and the Luvdiscs, they only amplify what humans produce. Maybe even man has a little magic left in them, too._  



"One thing is for certain, Gardevoir. Tonight...is a magical night."  



The two sat in silence for a long moment, contemplating the strange glow that still permeated the air like sweet-smelling fog.  



_I love you, master,_ Gardevoir said suddenly, finding herself blushing as the words left her. She didn't know why she felt so shy about saying it just now---she had said it many times before---but she found her reaction mirrored in her mate's bond and her mate's face.  



Slash found himself hit by the same strange intensity of the words as well, feeling a prick of happy tears behind his eyes. "I..I love you too, Psymakio."  



_Forever._  



"From tonight until...the end of time."  



Warm tears were threatening to spill from Gardevoir's eyes now, too. The magic wasn't gone from the world, not at all. It was just hidden, kept locked up in people and Pokemon and places, waiting for the right conditions to be released. Right here was the proof---a simple wooded grotto, nothing more than a small pool of water surrounded by a bit of sand and trees, but it radiated the pink glow of the Luvdiscs still. Perhaps it would never leave. This place _was_ magic, and regardless of where that magic came from, regardless of how it was released, it was unquestionably _real_. To question it would be to cheapen it.  



And here, holding her slim body in his strong and loving arms, was a man who acknowledged his own failings and his own inner darkness, but he radiated the magic, too. His love combined with the glorious glow to make him something greater than man, something beautiful, and he chose to share that magic with---  



\---her. A silly little Gardevoir named Psymakio.  



She had the magic in her too, intertwining silver and sunset over the unbreakable bond between her and her mate, and it was so precious, so wonderful. Nothing was more important---or more powerful---than what flowed between them. The glow was crackling like a warm fire, sending soft power into the sky like pink embers...so much that it would make any man, beast, or god tremble in fear and awe (and maybe just a bit of jealousy).  



A mental image passed over their bond, and without a word, Gardevoir turned herself around in Slash's arms, facing him and wrapping her long legs around his waist. She could feel him pressing against her, separated only by a thin set of fabric, and that warmed a part of her far more advanced and complex than mere sexual want. Fiery red met icy blue, and both smiled sweetly, enjoying the simple pleasure of being in each other's arms.  



"Psymakio..."  



_Slash..._  



They embraced each other tightly, both heartbeats racing as Gardevoir's small, half-covered breasts pressed against her mate. Again she moved to take the top off, and again Slash stopped her, simply pulling the material up and exposing her soft breasts to the night air, her skin almost glowing silver under the moonlight.  



"Sometimes," he whispered, "it's more fun to keep it on. Sort of like the pink dress. Besides...now that the bathing suit...and you...are all wet...it'll be fine. We can just move what we need to."  



She smiled as she felt him fumble his cock out of his pants. He was eager. Losing control. Good. They had denied each other lovemaking before, but they would not, and could not, do so now. They were safe here, blessed by whatever benevolent forces had given them this place---the Luvdiscs, themselves, magic, it was irrelevant. He was going to have her and she was going to love it.  



Slash couldn't help but rub against her now, feeling her warmth separated from him by a few millimeters of flimsy material. His mate's arms were linked behind his neck, her breathing excited and content, nearly purring in happiness as he moved against her. So beautiful. So adorable. So pure and innocent and lovely. The nearly-full moon above was not nearly as brilliant as the silver heart within her. And she was his! His friend, his mate. She belonged to him and he belonged to her. He made a silent vow to use every magic moment that they managed to steal from the world to the fullest, to please her body and please her heart and make her feel as wonderful as she made him feel.  



"Remember when we mated, and how we connected ourselves at the sacred moment?"  



Gardevoir nodded, leaning forward to lay her body on his, sparks of pleasure surging through her as her hard nipples brushed his skin. _Oh, yes...that was most lovely, wasn't it?_  



"Can we do that again?"  



Her ruby eyes flashed in the moonlight, her smile turning soft and touched. _Yes, we can. Even though the bond is complete and cannot be broken, we can still experience the sensation of our connection simply by dropping our shields and joining our hearts at the...appropriate moment._  



"It'll be like renewing our vows, won't it? It's only been two nights since we became mates, but...I want to renew our bond every chance we get."  



_Me, too. We must make the most of our time together, and...renewing the bond will certainly do that for the two of us._  



Slash reached down and tried to move the lower half of Gardevoir's bathing suit aside, but it didn't seem to work well. "Okay, I was wrong. We can't make love with our clothes on, at least not sitting down like this."  



_Then let's take them off. It's not like we're in a hurry, master. We can try it with the bathing suits on later. Right now...I just want you._  



They reluctantly released each other from their embrace. Throwing their scant clothing on opposite sides of the shoreline, they turned to each other and smiled in anticipation and admiration, eyes sweeping over each other's soft skin and strong muscle.  



"You're beautiful." _You're beautiful._  



Both laughed, and swam forward to meet each other. The grotto wasn't very deep, even at its center, so both could stand comfortably. The water came up to cover most of Gardevoir's breasts, and the way the water caressed the glowing silver made Slash's hands ache for her. He gently and lovingly cupped the small orbs, palms rubbing against her nipples and sending another wave of electricity through her, eliciting a soft moan from the creature.  



_Master...please don't tease...I've been waiting for you to take me all day..._  



"I'm not teasing, angel...I just can't resist touching you. I promised you that I'd make love to you as soon as we were alone...and that is a promise I will keep."  



He dipped a hand into the water, parting her thighs and rubbing against the warm flesh between them; the way she squealed when he brushed her vulva told him all he needed to hear about how aroused she was.  



"Ready?"  



_Mm-hm..._  



Slash moved forward, rubbing the head of his cock over the sweet warmth, running it from the tingling bud atop to the yielding entrance below. He pushed forward, sinking himself into her tightness, moving slow to avoid hurting his smaller mate.  



_It's alright, master...I can handle you better now. You don't have to go th-that slow..._  



He nodded, still staying alert for any pain seeping over their bond, and buried the rest of his length into her, exhaling sharply as her tunnel pulsed hot around him. Both sighed in contented pleasure at the feeling of being physically connected, sharing the tingling sensations of penetration with each other, embracing tightly as emotional closeness swept through them.  



"Now?"  



_Yes, now. I'll take the shields down slowly. You just...do what you do best, master,_ she whispered in a sultry tone that made Slash shiver. Gardevoir was often flustered by sexual affairs outside of the bedroom...or lake, as it were...but once she began, the playful and sensual side of her shone forth, and she became a sexual being that gave and took and drove him mad. Such wanting did not lessen her innocence or purity---she was still an angel, still perfect, still the shy girl that he fell in love with.  



And never were they as close as they were when they made love. It was more than a physical connection; they were bonded down to their very souls, the essences of themselves wrapping around each other like threads. And the most intimate connection was still yet to come.  



"You're so tight. So warm. So perfect. Nothing in the world feels better than this. If this is sin, I'd gladly sell my soul for it. I love you, Psymakio."  



_I love you too, master. Now show me how much you love me. Let me give myself to you as your mate, your love, your life._ She clenched down tightly, slick membranes wrapping around her mate's erection and making him groan out in pleasure. _Please?_  



"I could never deny you, my angel."  



His hands moved to cup her bottom, clasping the soft skin tightly, and Gardevoir's long legs wrapped around his waist. So much easier to do this in water---they had made love in the shower before, but now he could enjoy her wet, slippery skin without fear of dropping her. Slowly he withdrew from her, pulling almost all of his sex from her tightness, savoring every bit of warm friction as he moved. After being sheathed in her heat, the water felt almost icy cold in contrast, and he pushed forward again, back into her warmth, breath catching at the sensation of her walls gripping at him, trying to keep him locked inside her.  



They started slowly, rocking together in the quiet grotto, the only sounds being their low gasps of pleasure and the quiet splashes of water as Gardevoir rode Slash, her sweet and shiny-wet breasts bouncing in the soothing water. She growled in contentment as his hands roamed over her buttocks, fingers fondling the flesh and playing at the entrance. It felt good for him to touch her there...it made her remember the morning he'd taken her like that, draping himself over her back and pushing her into the sheets. It made her feel loved by her strong, dominant male.  



_Inside...please..._, she whimpered, and Slash eagerly complied, carefully pushing a single finger into her anus. The water was not as generous as lubricant, but any pain she felt was swept away as he continued moving in her, kissing her neck and using phantom touches to nip and lick at her breasts. It was utterly impossible to think about pain at a time like this.  



He picked up the tempo now, rocking into her faster, matching the movement of his cock with those of his finger. Oh yes, she liked that; her pleasure had been magnified by the simple insertion, and whether it be direct pleasure or delight at the naughtiness of it, neither cared.---the double penetration of her tight entrances felt wonderful for her, and the clenching heat on both parts of him were driving him wild. He knew he could withdraw from her wetness and plunge into her rectum without complaint (in fact, she would probably be turned on from the sheer dominance of it), but no...for now, merely exploring her like this would do.  



Besides, he wanted to cum in her like this. Even if he could never give her a child (and the glow still blocked out any sadness at that thought), the dominant part of him was still crying out for him to spill into her, shoot his seed deep into her womb, and he did not have the energy to fight its pull.  



Gripping her bottom tightly with his free hand, he plunged into her faster, the motion sending small waves in every direction. She held onto his bare back tightly, careful not to scratch him with her small claws, and pressed her forehead against his and maintained eye contact. Looking into each other's eyes while they gave each other bliss, seeing the love, lust, and longing in them as he thrust and she bounced, was arousing on some primal level that she embraced naturally and he accepted eagerly. Gardevoir felt a rush of happiness with every sign of pleasure on her mate's face, the way he clenched his teeth and hissed when she squeezed down and rotated her hips to massage his cock with her tunnel; Slash felt a surge of almost aggressive satisfaction when her eyes fluttered each time he buried himself deep in her slippery vagina and thrust his finger deep into her tight anus.  



Both mates burned with instinct and desire, wanting to take and give, to fill and to be filled.  



Climax approached quickly, and the two kept fiery red and icy blue locked together as they slammed their bodies together in the final moments. Slash opened his heart completely, exposing all of his being, and the light heart exploded with happiness as she did the same. Both attained blessed release together, Slash filling her to the brim with himself, Gardevoir warming the water with a hot spray of her silky cum, the pair connecting their souls together as they both reached their peak.  



The world faded away. All outside stimuli ceased to register. There was nothing but silver and sunset, wrapped in a thin pink haze, and then even that beauty was overwhelmed and overridden. For a moment...just a moment...they were one with everything good and just in the world. And this time, they were able to look around and see just how much hope remained.  



There was much more darkness than there was light, but that phrasing does not do the light justice; rather, it was as though the world was a mirror of the night sky...the darkness served as an ever-present backdrop, impossible to ignore, but the light of hope and love was brushed across the sky like a trillion blazing stars, each burning with its own special magic.  



And then the glimpse into eternity was over, and Gardevoir was laying limp in Slash's arms, her body spent from climax. Her mate was still within her, filling her with his seed, and that satisfied her own primal, instinctual cravings. He loved her. He made love to her and showed her just how much he cared. And as his strong arms embraced her, carefully lowering her feet to the lake bottom, she could not help but kiss him, kiss him hard, kiss him soft, kiss him and let him know that she was his forever, come whatever worlds and whatever storms.  



Slash nearly collapsed into the water once Gardevoir was standing again; the look at eternity had blown out the rest of his stamina. He realized that the light of each of those stars did not represent the love and light in each world, or even each town---each star represented the magic that was within _every single human and Pokemon on the planet_...brilliant, eternal, and glorious.  



Everyone had magic in them...enough to light the night sky with it.  



The mates looked at each other with weary, contented eyes, and both broke into sunny smiles.  



"Hope." _Hope_.  



They linked hands, locked lips, and teleported into the dark night, leaving nothing but ripples in the black lake's mirroring of the dusty pink moon.
