**Disclaimer:** I do not own Pokemon, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story.


On a chilly autumn night in central Hoenn, a pirate and a fairy were sharing a brief kiss under an inflatable pumpkin.  



At the sound of several children running by on the street, the pair reluctantly broke their contact, standing a respectable distance from each other so that the young man wouldn't have to fumble an explanation about his lover being a human in a Gardevoir costume if some pint-sized ghost or vampire peeked in through the window.  



_Can we leave now? It sounds like they're having so much fun out there!_ Psymakio begged, pulling on her master's black cape insistently.  



"I just have to put on the last bits of my costume. Don't worry, the night's still young, and we got plenty of time."  



_What are you supposed to be, again?_  



Slash gave her a mock-angry look, then grinned and gestured wildly at his flamboyant costume. "I'm a pirate! You know, scourge of the Great Hoenn Sea! Arrr, I be a swashbuckling menace, I am!"  



A small smile formed on Gardevoir's lips. Her soon-to-be mate, for all his seriousness and resolve, could be quite silly sometimes.. _Well, excuse me for not knowing human culture as well as you. Will you be treat-or-tricking too?_  



"I'm too old for that. I'm not a little kid, you know!"  



Looking at the bobbing plastic parrot on Slash's shoulder, she couldn't help but laugh at that. _Of course not, master. But why do you want to be one of these pirate, exactly? You look kind of like an Aqua in that..._  



"No, no, the pirates weren't anything like those wannabe pricks! They roamed the ancient seas, living from island to island and stealing from merchant vessels and coastal towns."  



_You admire stealing?_  



Slash put on his eye patch and smiled at her. "No, although a lot of the people they stole from deserved it...they hardly ever killed anyone they stole from, and usually the ones they were stealing from were corrupt leaders and businesses. But it's more the lifestyle that I admire. Being a pirate meant that you were ruled by no one, least of all by some fat rich jackass. It was just you, your crew, and your captain, sharing what you had and working together to survive. You went where you wanted, when you wanted. You accepted the outcasts and laughingstocks of society and made them feel useful and wanted. That's what I love about it. It's kind of romantic, in a way." He sighed happily, and Gardevoir could feel the longing for such a life in her master's heart. "For example, if, say, we were on the run from a bunch of pitchfork-wielding Jirachians, they'd be more than willing to take us on board in exchange for our loyalty."  



She perked up at that, for a moment forgetting all about Halloween and trick-or-treating. _Maybe we should get in contact with some of them, so we can travel with them if we're ever found out!_  



Slash gave her a small smile and shook his head. "Pirates don't really exist anymore. They were driven to extinction when the Hoenn provinces unified their navies. All that's left now are small-time thugs and the Aquas, neither of which have the same spirit and romance of pirates."  



_Oh..._ Gardevoir said with disappointment. She wished that such an escape route for the two of them was still around; she would have more than willing to steal (and do more) to stay with her lover and keep him safe.  



Shaking off his child-like daydreaming, Slash turned back to his beautiful companion. "What about you? Why'd you pick the fairy costume?"  



_Hm? Oh, because it was pretty and pink and shiny._  



Chuckling, Slash gave her a long, deliberate look up and down. The silky pink material clung rather nicely to her slim form, and the straps on her silver shoulders looked like a whisper could send them sliding down her arms...  



Sensing the direction of her master's thoughts, Gardevoir flushed a bit and quickly tossed him his plastic sword. _Can we go now? Come on, master, I want to see what it looks like outside, and I want to get some candy..._  



"And I'm the one acting like a kid?" Slash laughed, but strapped the prop on without any more banter. "Alright, I'm ready. Are you?"  



_Yes!_  



Grabbing his hand, she nearly dragged him to the door. With the amount of bustle and activity outside, and with the small security afforded by a holiday that was based on disguise and acting unusual, they kept their hands clasped even as they walked out into the cool night air.  



After all, if anyone called them on it, they could just say they were going as sinners.  



---------------------------------  



_Wow!_  



Gardevoir glanced around in wonderment, her eyes darting over the bright lights and decorations. Countless pumpkins, lit with flickering candles, lined the entrances of homes and apartments. Orange-colored lights were strung from between light posts, which were all turned off for the night's festivities, leaving the town of Mauville glowing in an almost unearthly orange haze. Small children were running around the town, running up to houses and shouting in fear and excitement as they filled their bags with sweets.  



There was no shortage of Pokemon out, either; every trainer with a ghost-type Pokemon was letting them out tonight, and dozens of Gastly, Haunter, Shuppet, and Duskull were floating about, following the busy children and enjoying the odd atmosphere of mixed enjoyment and morbidity. Slash even noticed a few dark-type Pokemon about, a rarity in such a predominantly-Jirachian area. He doubted such a thing would be allowed on any other night.  



_Master, I don't understand the rationale behind this holiday. I mean, it's supposed to be about fear and death, correct? Why is it so...festive?_  



Slash squeezed her hand gently and continued moving down the busy street. "I know, it's a little odd. I think the rationale behind it involves driving off evil spirits with festivity, or some other crock of overly complicated shit. In any case, don't worry about it...tonight, you just have fun."  



_Oh, look at that house, master! It has so many pumpkins! Can we go there?_  



"Sure. They won't be able to hear you, so just go up to the door and hold open your bag, okay?"  



She nodded happily, running up to the front door while Slash stayed by the road, watching her with a small smile. He didn't know what he felt just then...it was an odd mixture of happiness, love, and some strange brand of sadness that filled his heart like a cold wind. Despite having the intelligence and maturity of an adult, she was still very young, and when exposed to the less-frightening aspects of human culture she often responded as such.  



Knowing what kind of life she was going to lead...how hard and cruel it would likely become...it was a sobering thought.  



But Slash knew that was all the more reason to show her things like Halloween and festivals and the like. If he truly loved her---and he did---he knew it was his responsibility to ensure that the poor creature got all the happiness she possibly could in life. And seeing her run up to the front door, knock gently, and let out a happy cry as an old couple opened up and gave her candy...the happy warmth from the sight helped drive away the coldness of reality.  



As the door closed, and Gardevoir ran down back to him in a hail excited giggles, he couldn't help but meet her halfway, again clasping her small, soft hands in his grip. She didn't understand the strange happy-sad mix flowing from her love over their bond, but when he looked down at her and smiled, just barely resisting the urge to kiss her, the worry, like the coldness, seemed to vanish.  



------------------------------------  



It was a long night; Gardevoir was determined to keep trick-or-treating as long as possible, and the pair stayed on the street until the bustling mess of children became a trickle and the jack-o-lanterns barely burned. Slash's feet hurt, but he made no complaints, taking his silver angel halfway across town before turning to head back. Her bag of candy was bulging with sweets, and he feared the small creature would be on a hellish sugar rush for the next several days.  



They headed back to Watson's place, the old man still absent, presiding over the Halloween trainer celebration at the Gym. Slash had no regrets about choosing trick-or-treating over that; the happy smile and excited chattering of Psymakio was something he wouldn't trade for the world.  



_Master, thank you so much for taking me out tonight...if you'd like, we can split some of my candy when we get home?_  



Slash nodded, although judging from the physical exhaustion radiating from the small girl, he doubted she'd be awake for too much longer. As Watson's house came into view, he felt a burst of tired relief over their bond; Gardevoir tightly squeezed his hand and teleported both of them inside the bedroom they'd shared ever since the final climactic Magma attack.  



The pair sat down on the edge of the bed with twin sighs of relief; several hours of non-stop walking on hard concrete had them both sore. Psymakio was particularly burned out, her earlier adrenaline-fueled excitement leaving her drained and exhausted.  



"Did you have fun?"  



She gave him a sweet smile, bouncing the bag of candy in her lap. _Oh yes, it was very enjoyable! All the lights and children in costumes and the people at the doors always complimented my outfit...I felt like I didn't have to worry about being, you know, found out or anything. Thank you so much for taking me, master...although my feet hurt from all that walking._  



"I'm pretty sore too, but at least now we can sit and relax...do you want to check out your sugar haul?"  



_Yes. You can have some if you want, I doubt I'll be able to eat all of this tonight..._  



Slash held back a laugh at that; she had enough candy that it would take both of them several nights to consume it all, unless they wanted to scarf it all at once and end up throwing up. While he removed some of the more obstructive parts of his pirate costume (that damned parrot had been driving him crazy all night), Psymakio spilled the bag onto the bed, unleashing a rain of lollipops and gumdrops and chocolate bars into a massive pile. She absently picked through the mess, sniffing a few of the more fragrant pieces (a habit from the wild that she had not yet broken) before moving on to the rest. As she rifled through the night's rewards, the young man on the bed noticed something incredible among the pieces.  



"Holy shit! You've got a blow-pop!!"  



Gardevoir looked where he was pointing, picking up the simple lollipop and twirling it in her fingers. _Is this a particularly good kind of candy?_  



"It was my favorite kind when I was little! Go ahead, try it, I guarantee you'll love it. It is absolutely orgasmic."  



Blushing a bit at that, she unwrapped the piece and sniffed the blueberry lollipop, the scent making her mouth water. She popped it into her mouth, then pulled it out with a frown.  



_This is not gum, master. I've had gum before. This is hard, not chewy._  



Slash smiled, sidling up beside her. "The gum is inside the hard part. You lick it for a while, then get to the best part."  



As soon as the words left his mouth, a mental image flashed through his mind...of Gardevoir putting...something other than a lollipop...in her mouth. He tried to clamp down on the thought before it went over their bond, but to no avail; she colored brightly at the image, focusing her eyes down and away from her master and onto the small candy. She had no idea how to react to the thought (although part of her seemed thoroughly intrigued by it), so she quietly popped it back in her mouth. Slash watched as she slid the round sweet between her lips, running her tongue around it, tasting it, sucking it...  



Despite the cool temperature of the room, he found himself starting to sweat.  



As she popped it out of her mouth to see how much she'd licked up, he couldn't help but think of the mental image he'd gotten before. His horny teenage mind had converted his words into a picture before his natural filters had stopped it, and it seemed Gardevoir knew it; if he didn't know better, he'd think that she was intentionally giving the candy a bit more attention than it was worth.  



Then again, maybe he was just being a pervert for imagination her licking something else.  



Actually, she knew exactly what she was doing; while she tended to get flustered at some of Slash's more risqué remarks, that did not stop her from trying to act sexy for her love. Just as he loved seeing her flushed and overwhelmed, she loved watching him start something and then get blown away when she teased him back. _You're right, it tastes delicious. The flavor is just dripping into my mouth...mmm. You can have a blow pop from my candy bag if you want._  



Trying to ignore the increasing tightness of his jeans, Slash turned quickly to the pile of candy, digging through it to try and find another bubblegum lollipop and failing. "You've, uh...you seem to have got the only one."  



Her face slightly flushing again, she turned to him, lollipop back in her mouth. _We can share this one...if you'd like. If you don't think that's gross or anything._  



He turned back to her, his coherent thoughts rapidly deteriorating as the round candy popped back out from between her lips, shiny from her licks. It was quite the offer...a bit naughty, too, which didn't bother him one bit, although her brazenness was still a bit surprising. Plus it really _was_ his favorite candy...and he knew from previous experience that the inside of Gardevoir's mouth tasted just as delicious.  



"It's fine...I'd be happy to share it with you." Gulping, he took the lollipop from her fingers and licked it, quickly getting more aroused as he tasted the delicious flavor of blueberry mixed with her saliva. Realizing he was getting off on this, he wondered when exactly he'd become so kinky. Feeling Gardevoir's arousal over their bond, he decided to try and escalate the situation.  



_Don't hog it all, master! Give me a lick._  



Smiling a bit deviously, he took the candy from his mouth. Before she could react, he reached over and pressed Gardevoir into a long, breathless kiss, his tongue clashing with hers inside her mouth, the two sharing the blueberry flavor with each other. When he broke the contact, she nearly fell back onto the bed, her small chest rising and falling rapidly under the nearly skintight costume.  



_I...what was that for?_ she gasped.  



"You wanted a lick, right? I gave you a lick."  



_I didn't mean---_  



"Is there anywhere else you'd like to be licked?"  



Gardevoir flushed and turned away, trying to reconcile her own embarrassment with the intense arousal growing in her as she realized that, indeed, she could taste the lollipop on her lover's tongue. He always teased her about this...tasting her there...and it was, admittedly, something she wondered about. _Master, I...um..._  



Trying to get a hold on her excitement, she tried to remove the lollipop from his grasp, but he had it too tightly in his grip; she pulled it out with a bit too much force, making the sticky candy hit her face and bounce down her body before landing in her lap.  



_Darn, now I'm all sticky, and the costume is, too!_ she whined, her fatigue and overwhelming at the sudden...sensual turn things were taking...starting to take a toll. She started to get up to change, but Slash gently clasped her wrist.  



"You know, I can clean you up if you want."  



She turned away again, trying not to look him in the eye. _I'm not really...sure about that, I think..._  



But, of course, she was; Slash could feel her desire over the bond...a white-hot mix of nervousness and arousal that seemed to give her sleepy self a new boost of energy. He reached over and slipped the dress straps off her shoulders, causing her to jump. She looked him in the eye, trying to think of something to say to discourage him, but fuck, she didn't want to anymore. Maybe she was too exhausted to be really nervous or afraid or embarrassed anymore, or maybe it was just that, on Halloween, even the craziest things seemed sensible. In any case, she stood up just long enough to slip the fairy dress off her body, her cheeks glowing brightly as she exposed her beautiful silver body to her master. A million insecurities suddenly flared up, briefly overriding her boldness, but it faded as she saw the look in Slash's eyes as he took in the sight of her bare body.  



"I...wow, Gardevoir...you're...wow," Slash stammered, not really the least bit prepared to see her fully undressed, even as horny as he was. She was a stunning thing of beautiful, soft skin, liquid moonlight in female form...small in build, yes, but more than enough to satisfy him. The blue stickiness of the lollipop dotted her cheek, neck, and the upper portion of her chest, contrasting on her pale skin...and yes, despite his shellshock at the sheer beauty of the angel before him, he was still very up to the task.  



He checked their bond to be sure that she really wanted this, and a cursory scan showed that she was willing to let him do just about anything he wanted. She was even willing to give herself to him fully, but there was still an undercurrent of exhaustion beneath her excitement, and he preferred to wait until his sweet Psymakio was fully charged up and awake before mating with her completely.  



Pushing the pile of candy to the side, a few of the pieces falling off the bed and onto the floor, he gently pushed her back until she was laying down on the soft blankets. He climbed on top of her, propping himself over her on his hands and knees, and tentatively, carefully licked her cheek, tasting the sharp sweet tang of blueberry on her skin. She shivered at the sensation, nipples hardening almost immediately at the direct contact. He moved down to her neck, his tongue tickling the sensitive skin; she could not help closing her eyes in dreamy pleasure at the feel of him cleaning her. Slash made it rather clear that this was not truly about just getting her unsticky, though, as he started to kiss her, sucking gently on the vulnerable skin, eliciting an involuntary moan from the girl beneath him. The act of letting him, a male, touch her throat was something she doubted he'd understand; the significance of such trust in the wild was an explicit sign that the female was willing to mate. Nonetheless, she believed he understood on a basic level, as her bond radiated her own pleasure and happiness and trust.  



Continuing to slip down her body, he moved to the last trace of stickiness on her, licking off the last splotch of blueberry right above the soft swells of her breasts. His palms idly moved onto the warm skin, Gardevoir's nipples jolting with electricity at the feel of his hands on her, and she profoundly regretted that the lollipop hadn't made any more of a mess.  



"I know, I wish it had, too," Slash whispered from her chest, making her eyes flutter open; she hadn't meant to send...that!..."But don't worry...we can work around that. You have to get dirty to get clean, after all...and sometimes getting clean can be kind of dirty, too."  



He reached over to the nightstand by the bed and picked up the lollipop, licking it thoroughly, getting it wet and sticky once again. He suddenly dabbed the tip over her breasts, causing the confused girl to jump in surprise.  



_What are you doing, master?! You're getting me all messy!_  



Slash grinned, keeping the candy in his hand. "I know. Don't worry, though...I intend to keep at the job until you're entirely clean, no matter how sticky this situation gets."  



He began to kiss and lick her breasts, fingers straying over the sides of the swells, making her again close her eyes and gasp in ecstasy. He trailed the lollipop over her nipples and immediately dove onto them, lips catching the peaks and sucking softly, the tip of his tongue teasing her into a breathless heap.  



_I...oh, Slash, please don't stop...m-more..._  



More than willing to comply, he moved to the other nipple, licking it until it was too sensitive for any more stimulation. He started moving down her flat belly, sliding the slick candy down her skin, following a second after with his tongue, trailing aimlessly down her body, circling her navel, and then finding himself right between her legs, her soft thighs spread, her beautiful vulva glistening with arousal.  



The voice between her legs was almost hoarse in its tone, even as it tried to be clever and nonchalant. "Psymakio, I...I think I'm going to need to spend some extra time down here...it seems that things were pretty wet even before I got here."  



She moaned in inarticulate urging, impatient beyond the point of words. She'd nearly climaxed already, astounding considering that he hadn't even touched her...there...so far. This was so delightfully, naughtily erotic, even if it wasn't something she'd ever even dreamed of before, and---  



Her hips suddenly jerked up, a loud gasp escaping her lips, as she felt the tip of the lollipop directly on her, tracing a small circle around her opening. The feel of Slash's hot breath on the hyper-sensitive skin, combined with the candy probing gently at her...  



"You can cum if you want. Don't worry about holding back. Go on, cum for me, Psymakio..."  



Again she felt the slick candy on her, slipping up and down her slit, stopping at her entrance to push slightly, not quite slipping in. She willed herself not to climax just yet, trying to hold off long enough to see what he was up to, but when her master's tongue started following the sticky trail, licking over her labia and just the tiniest bit into her, she could not hold back. Her thighs clamped around his head and she came in a series of jerking motions, hip bucking and sharp cries coming from her lips as she splashed warm cum onto his face, slicking her lower body with a lot more than blueberry.  



Gardevoir collapsed back onto the bed, panting softly, aftershocks jolting through her, when she felt Slash's tongue on her _again_, licking up her arousal, lapping at her lips and sucking delicately on her clit. It was like she'd been flung upwards to the brink of orgasm again, only this time without being warmed up first, and it was nearly mind-shattering. Clawing at Slash's hair, she mewed incoherently as he tasted her, hands firmly gripping her bottom, lifting her lower body up into his mouth.  



Deciding to go for the kill, Slash lowered her back down and slowly pushed the lollipop at her entrance again, this time applying just enough pressure for it to sink into her, the tongue-smoothed roundness burying itself in her tightness. She looked down with wide eyes, unable to believe what he was doing, but arched her back and cried out as he began carefully moving it back and forth in her, his tongue licking up the mixture of blueberry and arousal that was dripping from her as he did so.  



Gardevoir could not believe he was doing this, and was even more incredulous that it felt so damned good, the candy seeming to hit a special spot inside her that made her squeeze tight all over every time Slash pushed it in. While him using his fingers might have been less...messy...even she could realize the explicit thrill of doing something so...different.  



He began to move it faster, practically fucking her with the lollipop, kissing and licking at every inch of her sensitive vulva as he did so.  



**Does it feel good?** he asked over their bond, his mouth busy with activities far more important than speech.  



_Oh yes, master, it's heavenly..._  



**Soon enough, it'll be me inside you, Psymakio.**  



_I...I know, I can't wait---_  



**I'm a bit bigger than a lollipop, though, and it seems to be filling you up just fine. It's going to be a very, very tight fit.**  



She moaned as he caught her clit between his lips, massaging the tip with his tongue and making her unable to speak.  



**It'll be so good, Gardevoir...slipping into your slickness...**  



_M-master..._ she whimpered, her mind filled with mental images of his erection, thick and hard, squeezing into her body.  



**Plunging into you deeper than this could ever reach...**  



_Master..._ God, the lollipop was only a few inches into her and it was driving her wild! Slash would fill her completely! Just the thought was turning her on more than the stimulation itself...  



**Your tightness clenching around me as I thrust into this heat...**  



_Master!!!_ she shouted, one hand clutching wildly at the sheets, the other gripping her breast, as she felt herself spill over the edge.  



He slid the lollipop from her and thrust his tongue inside, licking frantically at the smooth, convulsing walls as she rode out a massive orgasm that made the first look like a ripple next to a tsunami. Her vagina squeezed down on his tongue in hard spasms, her wetness---mixed with the taste of blueberry---gushing out into Slash's mouth, which he drank eagerly, something which turned Gardevoir on immensely. He kept swirling his tongue around inside her until she was spent, laying back on the bed in a boneless heap of pleasure.  



When she recovered enough of her senses, she sat up and saw Slash sitting on the edge of the bed, lollipop in his mouth and a satisfied expression on his face.  



_I can't believe you're doing that, master!_  



"Maybe this was all a cleverly orchestrated plan to steal your only bubblegum lollipop, and getting you to orgasm was just a bonus. Ever think of that?"  



Looking at the tent in his pants, Gardevoir smirked. _Somehow I doubt that, and it looks like you didn't get everything you wanted after all._  



"Hm, you're right. Oh well, I gave you a trick, so you can just give me my treat later."  



_But the lollipop_ _was_ _your treat,_ she said in mock teasing. _You said it was...orgasmic-good, correct? We had a fair trade, so we're even._  



"If I remember correctly, you came twice, but I only got one lollipop. You still owe me, beautiful."  



Flushing prettily at her master, she nodded in surrender, pulled the lollipop from his mouth, and started slipping down his strong, lean frame.  



----------------------------------  



And in the end, it was a rather sticky situation.  



----------------------------------  



Watson came back an hour later to find Slash and Gardevoir clothed and content, preparing to take a quick shower together.  



"You two have fun trick-or-treating?"  



The pair shared a quick, poorly-concealed conspiratory glance, and nodded. "Yeah, it went...just fine," Slash said, trying to sound casual. "She had a lot of fun."  



"You both look kind of tired and...what is that blue stuff on you?"  



"Gardevoir accidentally dropped a lollipop, and it kind of made a mess."  



"There's a lot of it on the two of you, though..."  



Psymakio blushed brightly and teleported into the bathroom, fervently hoping she did so before the old man noticed the blue trail that led up her legs and under her dress. Slash was left open-mouthed and stammering as Watson waited for an explanation.  



"I, uh...it's not what it looks like..."  



"Uh-huh," the old man said with a grin. "Here's some advice for you, my boy, from an old veteran to a greenhorn...try whipped cream next time. Just as fun, but with half the clean-up."  



Slash stood in shocked silence for a moment, about to run off and join Gardevoir in the shower, but then considered the master's words. "Whipped cream, huh?"  



"Yep. Cherries, too."  



"You've got some of both in the fridge, don't you?"  



"Why, yes I do."  



"And you're going to be out tomorrow for Gym battles, right?"  



"There's still quite the backlog from the Magma attacks, so yeah."  



"You might want to get some more whipped cream and cherries, because I think you're going to be short on them after tomorrow."  



Slash disappeared into the bathroom, and Watson nodded to himself. "Somehow I thought so."
